The Curse of a Fatal Flaw Every highly tragic and dramatic figure has a fatal flaw that leads to his or her downfall. The character of Medea fits into this category perfectly. Excessive passion is what leads Medea to her destruction. Her love for Jason, her selfishness, and her rage are all factors of Medea's harmartia. First, the strongest factor contributing to Medea's fatal flaw is her love for Jason. During Jason's quest of searching for the Golden Fleece and meets the Princess of Colchis, Medea falls madly in love with Jason and runs off to lolcos with him. Medea and Jason get married and have two children. Medea's excessive love for Jason started showing when she killed his uncle, who was the king of lolcos at the time, so that Jason could take over the throne and rule. But his uncle's murder resulted negatively for Medea and Jason. They were forced to flee from lolcos to the kingdom of Corinth. Once in Corinth, Jason meets the king of Corinth's daughter. He leaves Medea and their two children and marries the princess. Because Medea is madly in love with Jason, Medea is crushed to find out that Jason has left her. Medea explains to the women of Corinth that, It has crushed my heart. Life has no pleasure left, dear friends. I want to die. Jason was my whole life; he knows that well (24). Therefore, Medea becomes outraged and over powered with excessive passion. Secondly, Medea's selfishness provides power to her fatal flaw. Medea's selfishness is displayed through the act of killing her own two sons. Medea understands that the slaying of her children will make Jason miserable. During this time, the chorus recognizes her self-worship and states, O miserable mother, to destroy your own increase, murder the babes of your body! Stone and iron are you, as you resolved to be (56). Medea does not stop to think what pain she may cause to herself by murdering them. She is only concerned about her happiness that will be derived from Jason's grieving. Medea comes to the conclusion that it is worth the suffering just to see her ex-husband unhappy. Medea states, ...my pain's a fair price, to take away your smile (59). This exhibits Medea's selfishness by the slaying of her sons just to cause sorrow to Jason for her own pleasure. Therefore, selfishness contributes to Medea's harmartia. Medea's rage also leads to her fatal flaw of excessive passion. Her excessive passion, fed by rage, leads to Medea to do uncalled for acts of violence and murder. Medea kills Jason's uncle in lolcos for the reason that she wanted Jason to be the ruler. The murder of the princess of Corinth is another example of Medea's rage. Her passion drove her to poison clothing and send it to the princess. Not only is Medea proud that she killed her, but when the messenger tells her of the death of the princess, Medea responds by saying, ...But take your time now; tell me, how did they die? You'll give me double pleasure if their death was horrible (52). Also, the Nurse acknowledges Medea's rage. While in conversation with the tutor she says, She'll not relax her rage till it has found its victim (20). This proves to be true since Medea does not give up until she has made Jason miserable. These acts of murder show the wrath of Medea's rage. In conclusion, Medea's fatal flaw of excessive passion is due to the three main reasons of her love for Jason, her selfishness, and her rage. These factors all contributed to the downfall of Medea's character. 
Introduction MCI Worldcom new CEO Bernard Ebbers is changing MCI's old ways. The problem is that MCI before merging spent too much money on accommodations for senior management. The second problem is that MCI Worldcom is ignoring the wireless industry boom. Recommendation I recommend that MCI Worldcom should try to acquire a wireless company like Nextel or Airtouch to gain entry to the booming market. The company would become a better telecommunications business and establish significant market presence that would generate profitability. If MCI Worldcom doesn't acquire a wireless company, they should consolidate. Consolidating with GSM would provide MCI Worldcom with an almost nationwide wireless network. It would also give MCI Worldcom a clear advantage since it is a year and a half ahead than other companies in digital standards. MCI Worldcom must also reduce high costs. To cut costs, the company must first identify where costs can be eliminated or replaced with more economical substitutions. I would also recommend that if the company wants to reduce costs that the CEO should demonstrate his commitment to lowering costs by making himself as an example. I would not invest on MCI Worldcom stock. The company's market price has been trickling down lately. I think that if MCI Worldcom were part of the wireless market then it would improve revenues. Since they have ignored this opportunity, I feel that the company will fall behind because of failure to remain responsive to its customers and to changing market conditions. Current Strategy MCI Worldcom's new CEO Bernard Ebbers philosophy of slashing expenses and consolidating all traffic on a single network has been proved 67 times after buying 67 phone companies. He is now trying to do the same after merging with MCI by reducing carefree spending and avoiding leasing links from other companies for their phone and internet networks. He has reduced the company's workforce by laying off 2215 workers and plans to continue. He also has downgraded luxuries for executives such as corporate jets, first class seating and stays at expensive hotels. These luxurious accommodations have been substituted with low cost carriers, coach class and staying at Inns. Mr. Ebbers has also eliminated company cars for all executives except for himself and Chairman Bert C. Roberts Jr. He is also trying to change the organizational structure of MCI Worldcom by using the appropriate control and incentive systems to motivate employee behavior. The new CEO has offered all employees stock options. Stock options give employees the incentive to help improve company performance and to share in the profits that result. He is also implementing a control system that monitors spending by asking executives to submit monthly revenue statements. Bernard Ebbers personal lifestyle and down to earth attitude has also helped project the company's new culture by popping in employee offices to say hello, and wearing jeans and cowboy boots has made him popular among workers. Mr. Ebbers likes to eat in casual restaurants and currently lives in a double wide trailer home on his soybean farm. Ebbers ways of doing business have given results, MCI Worldcom reported fourth quarter revenues surged 14 %, to $8 billion for the combined companies, while net earnings hit $428 million after a loss in the year earlier period. The stock soared to 5.5 % that day, to $80.44. Ebber believes he can bring more results like this in the future and that this is only the beginning. MCI Worldcom currently wants to focus on the data and international services segments. MCI Worldcom's data business is expected to triple to $23.2 billion, by 2002. The company also plans to build its own communication networks overseas and boost international sales by 40 % to take market share. ANALYSIS OF MCI WORLDCOM The benefit of MCI Worldcom joining the wireless business segment is that it would become a stronger competitor for AT&T. The number of U.S. wireless customers has risen 25% in the past year to 69 million. By 2003 wireless will account for 15% of total communication minutes in the U.S. AT&T is planning to introduce a new bundle of services for corporate customers designed strategically to take advantage of MCI Worldcom's weak point in the wireless segment. The head of AT&T's corporate unit says that under the new plan they would be able to offer their business customers the same rate for wireless phones equal to long distance rates. Businesses account for 47% of wireless revenues in the U.S. market. Analysts expect these new plans offering bundles of services will increase the AT&T advantage. MCI Worldcom can only win from entering the wireless market. An acquisition or consolidation may dilute earnings but they clearly outweigh the risks. The investment strategy that MCI Worldcom is following is the profit strategy. MCI Worldcom is attempting to maximize their existing data and international fast growing segments. MCI Worldcom data business is expected to triple to $23.2 billion while AT&T data revenues are estimated at only $13.9 billion. MCI Worldcom is building their own communication networks overseas which gives the company a clear advantage. The profit strategy works only as long as competitive forces remain relatively constant. A company must be alert to threats from the environment and must take care not to become complacent and unresponsive to changes in it. MCI Worldcom's competitors are gaining market share in the profitable growing wireless segment. These are the changes in the telecommunications industry that MCI Worldcom is not responding to. The growth stage is the time for companies to consolidate existing market niches and enter new ones so they can increase market share. MCI Worldcom should follow the growth strategy, which clearly means wireless strategy. The growth strategy 's goal is to maintain its competitive position in a rapidly expanding market and to grow with the expanding market. 
Once viewed as two separate disciplines, business and communication, have now meshed together to produce a hybrid business environment in which the everyday functions of business are intimately tied to communication (Pincus, 1997). Communication in the business world is imperative for success. This holds true for interpersonal communication, communication between management and staff, and for practically every other contact a business has, both within its own establishment and the outside world. Effective communication is critical for the success of any organization. Through the use of proper communication skills, individuals will be better able to function as a group, thus allowing organizations to share information, analyze situations and to set goals (Nelton, 1995). Communicating properly among peers improves an individuals all around skills. The more successfully a business functions the better it enables employees to perform jobs better. Managers pass on information and train subordinates more effectively, and in general a business has a better chance of profiting. In todays turbulent economic environment and rapid technological change, communication is critical in allowing a business to deal with the restructuring of national and international economies, in preventing market saturation, and in allowing a business to deal with their competitors more effectively (Nelton, 1995, PG). Cushman and King (1997) have proposed the high speed management to describe this new business environment. They emphasize the importance of communication in this theory and conclude that: In the final analysis it is the innovative, adaptable, flexible, efficient, and rapid use of information and communication which allows an organization to reorient rapidly and successfully in a volatile business environment. Another very important factor in the changing business environment is that of globalization (Nelton, 1995). It is very evident when we look at the current state of world affairs that our world is becoming a smaller place. We now have overnight delivery of packages, email communication and the ever so popular cellular communication. Globalization and increased international business can be directly attributed to mass media and mass transit. With new technologies such as videophone, Internet chat and Internet meeting rooms the thought of globalization becomes a reality for even the smallest of companies. The concept of globalization sometimes approaches this change as being one which either should or will result in a complete homogenization of culture and the formation of a unified global community. At the very least globalization will result in a number of distinct border cultures, which are hybrids of interacting cultures. What this means is that the savvy business person not only has to be prepared to communicate with those of his or her own culture but also with other cultures (Nelton, 1995). Many obvious precipitators of this increased business contact between the worlds cultures can be attributed to this globalization phenomenon. One of the reasons is international agreements such as the North American Free Trade Agreement. The North American Free Trade Agreement was initiated between the United States, Canada, and Mexico on January 1, 1994. This agreement referred to as the trade agreement has had a huge impact on exchange of material and cultural goods between the United States and other nations in North America as well as on the degree of business communication which occurs between these countries. Increased business diversity is not only occurring because of factors such as the North American Free Trade Agreement, it is also occurring because of a greater number of cultures within business itself. Women in the workplace are also making the work force more diversified and increasing the need for more effective communication skills (Nelton, 1995). It is an acknowledged fact that conversational styles and communication skills vary between cultures and genders (Nelton, 1995). It has been noted regarding the increased business contact between cultures as a result of globalization; increased diversity in the workplace itself, whether through the presence of an increased number of cultures or through the presence of a greater number of women; businesses must now devote greater amounts of effort toward communication in recognition of the different communication styles which exist (Nelton, 1995). Deborah Tannen, author of Talking from Nine to Five states: Each individual has a unique style, influenced by a personal history of many influences such as geographic region, ethnicity, class, sexual orientation, occupation, religion, and ageas well as a unique personality and spirit (Nelton, 1995, PG). The North American Free Trade Agreement is even more important now because the businesses of United States and the Latin American countries are beginning to make greater efforts to understand these individual and cultural communication styles. They are accepting input as a two-way vehicle of exchange, which can be of direct economic and cultural benefit to each. By reducing or limiting trade barriers, this agreement has bolstered business activity between Mexico and the United States tremendously as well as between the United States and other Latin American countries. Each country is taking on certain aspects of the other, at least in certain sometimes poorly defined geographic and cultural areas. Communication skills play a large role in business from the time an applicant initially approaches the business for employment. In at least one study communication skills were weighed more heavily by potential employers than were grade point averages, degrees, or even technical skills in determining whether or not to hire entry-level applicants (Wardrobe, 1994). Correlations have been made between the level of communication skills and those who rate high in job performance (Scuder and Guinan, 1989). Oral communication skills have, in fact, been found to be the second most important job skill by the American Society of Personnel Administrators (Curtis, Winsor, and Stephens, 1989). Even business colleges have begun to recognize the importance of communication skills in business success and many have begun to offer their own communication classes (Ober, 1987; Sorenson, Savage, and Orem, 1990). Right here in Beaverfalls, P.A, we have a fine business institute in Geneva College. Some feel that the emphasis on communication skills is still not enough however. Pinkard (1997), for example, reports that ninety-eight percent of those pursuing MBAs at Stanford University in 1996 complemented their coursework with only one workshop in communication. Pinkard and others criticize business programs as being inadequate in regard to imparting communication skills to their students and encourage the inclusion of many communications courses in business programs. In fact, only half of 215 MBA programs which Pinkard reviewed across the nation in 1995 required any sort of training in communications skills. In acknowledgment of this Pinkard (1997, PG) states: As I see it, were barely halfway up the mountain. Way too early to hoist the flag and sip champagne. The truth is, according to many business employers and research, MBA graduates today are unprepared to enter a work place where the managers role is fast shifting from order-giver to team-builder. The situation is improving but slowly. Public speaking skills are gaining a particular emphasis in recognition of various studies, which identify public speaking as a crucial employment skill (Bowwman and Branchaw, 1988; Hyslop and Farris, 1984; Wentling, 1987; Wilmington, 1989). Mitchell, Scriven and Wayne (1990) report that public speaking skills are particularly crucial given that fifty-eight percent of new employees are expected to deliver at least one oral report of twenty minutes or less in the first six months of employment. The importance of improving communication skills in the business environment cannot be overestimated. Business success very simply revolves around effective communication both within a business and between representatives of that business and others on the outside. Many employees already have effective communication skills that they have learned through school or through their own personal efforts. Others, however, have a long way to go. Employers should develop ways to assess these skills and to provide appropriate training where necessary. Bibliography Bowman, J. P., & Branchaw, B. P. (1988). Are we teaching communication skills for the next decade? Business Education Forum, 42, 17-18. Curtis, D. B., Winsor, J. L., & Stephens, R. D. (1989). National preferences in business and communication education. Communication Education, 38, 6-14. Cushman, Donald P. and Sarah Sanderson King. (1997). Communication and High-Speed Management. State University of New York Press. New York. Hyslop, D. J., & Faris, K. (1984). Integrate communication skills into all business classes. Business Education Forum, 38, 51-57. Mitchell, R. B., Scriven, J. D., & Wayne, F. S. (1990). An analysis of business recruiters assessment of the importance of verbal, nonverbal, and group interaction communication skills. Paper presented at the meeting of the Association for Business Communication International/National Convention, San Antonio, Texas. Nelton, Sharon. (1 Nov 1995). Face to face: by communicating the old-fashioned way - through talking and listening to customers and employees - companies are achieving new goals. Nations Business. Ober, S. (1987). The status of post secondary business communication instruction--1986 vs. 1982. Journal of Business Communication, 24, 49-59. Pincus, J. David. (1 Feb 1997). To get an MBA or an MA in communication?, Communication World. Scudder, J. N., & Buinan, P. J. (1989). Communication competencies as discriminators of superiors ratings of employee performance. Journal of Business Communication, 26, 217-229. Sorenson, R. L., Savage, G. T., & Orem, E. (1990). A profile of communication faculty needs in business schools and colleges. Communication Education, 38, 148-160. Wardrope, William J.-Bayless, Marsha L. (1 Feb 1994). Oral communication skills instruction in business schools. Journal of Education for Business. Wentling, R. M. (1987). Employability skills: The role of business education. Journal of Education for Business, 62, 313-317. Wilmington, S. C. (1989). Oral communication for a career in business. The Bulletin, 52, 8-12. 
Small business: In our definition we consider that business as a small business, which are registered with Government agencies and requires initial capital of 500,00025,00,000. The turnover for a small business ranges from 25,00,00050,00,000 and number of employees ranges from 550 depending upon the nature of business. Examples of small business in Pakistan: 1. Nagori milk shop 2. Time medico 3. Almas dish washing powder 4. Allahabad stores 5. Kaybees Entrepreneur: An entrepreneur is someone who recognizes his opportunities. He raises the capital and other resources when needed and takes some or all the risk. 1. An entrepreneur must have total commitment to his work 2. To achieve success he requires lot of hard work. 3. A good health is necessary for doing all the hard work. 4. Self discipline. He should not deviate from his target. 5. Originality of ideas 6. Investment. To start the business he requires financial resources. 7. An entrepreneur must have a need to achieve a success. 8. He should be self-confident. 9. Mental strength is very important for an entrepreneur. 10. Relationship with people. How he interacts with customers, suppliers, and employees is very important characteristic. 11. Recognition 12. Ability to communicate with people and to understand how another person thinks is very important. 13. He should have technical knowledge of his business. 14. He should have the ability to make quick and correct decisions. Entrepreneurs as a role model: 1. 
Consumer Behaviour Consumers have so many choices to make compared to ten or even twenty years ago. Today as always, business growth depends heavily on loyal customers who return because they are satisfied with the product and/or service they have received. But first companies have to bring consumers into the stores. The companies bring consumers into the store by marketing their product. The average consumer would probably define marketing as a combination of advertising and selling. It actually includes a good deal more. Modern marketing is most simply defined as directing the flow of goods from producers to customers. In order to answer this question fully we must define consumer goods which means goods that are used or bought for use primarily for personal, family, or household purposes. The paper outlines the contributions of marketing through fast moving consumer goods. Promotion, which works hand in hand with marketing a product, allows the product to be relayed to the right consumer through campaigns. A Market research must be completed to find a target audience which is used for promotional and advertising reasons. The last part of the scheme is the actual advertising of the good which pulls the consumer into the store. Marketing has had an influential impact on fast moving consumer goods through abroad range of activities including, promotion, market research, and advertising. Promotion is used to communicate information about goods and services to target market audiences thereby facilitating the exchange process. Promotion plays an important role in informing, educating, persuading and reminding customers. The promotional mix is adjusted according to the organizations promotional objectives and its marketing situation. Generally, in consumers services, marketing and advertising will be by far the main component and the most expensive. Promotion is essentially about communication. Target audiences need to receive information about goods and services before they can begin to consider making a purchase. The promotional objectives will influence the nature of the promotional message and the type of appeal used to get the message across. One of the key tasks in designing and executing promotional programmes is the selection of appropriate media for advertising and other forms of communication. The range of possible media choice is extensive but will ultimately be governed by factors such as the budget available and the target audience profile. The development of an effective promotional campaign involves combining the promotional mix elements in the most appropriate way to meet the organizations communications objectives. Evaluation and monitoring is important and one method of evaluation is by completing marketing research. (Woodruffe 1995149,163-4) An advertisement, or a campaign of advertisements, is planned in much the same way a successful salesperson plans the approach to be used on a personal call. The first stage is working out the strategy. This requires a thorough analysis of all available market research, personal discussions--or focus groups--with typical prospective buyers of the product, and knowledge of all competitive products and their advertising. Based on the understanding and insights derived from this information, advertising professionals write a strategy that defines the prospects that constitute the target market to which they must direct the message and what must be communicated in order to persuade the prospects to take the action that is desired. With this strategy as a guide, copywriters and art directors begin to create the advertisements. At this second stage they try to come up with an idea that involves the prospect, pertains to his life or problems, and is memorable. The idea can take the form of an unexpected set of words or a graphic symbol. It also can be a combination of words and graphics, and even music. An advertising idea works best when it is a totally unexpected yet thoroughly relevant fulfillment of the strategy. The third stage is the execution of the idea. This means turning the idea into some form of communication that a prospect can see or hear. For print advertising, execution involves writing text, taking photographs or commissioning drawings, arranging elements on the page (layout), setting type, making photo engravings, and so on. For broadcast advertising, it may mean writing dialogue and composing music, hiring actors and recording voices, filming in a studio or on location. Throughout all three of these stages, research plays an active role. Market research provides the information on which the strategy is based. Copy research may test the relative strength of several ideas on small groups of consumers or larger national samples. Focus groups may uncover communications problems in various headlines, photographs, actors, or musical compositions along the way. Research remains active after the advertisement has been executed. Often a finished print ad or broadcast commercial is tested before it appears in print or on the air, and it is not unusual to track the effect of advertising in the marketplace during the course of a campaign. The objective of any advertisement is to convince people that it is in their best interests to take an action the advertiser is recommending. The action may be to purchase a product, go to a showroom to try the product, use a service, vote for a political candidate, make a contribution, or even to join the Army. Like any personal salesperson, the advertisement tries to persuade. Advertising companies are keeping the pulse on contemporary culture, surging with new innovative marketing techniques that are imputed through promotion. Currently, consumers expectations need to be exceeded for commercial success so that customers are delighted with the outcome. (Jobber 1998: 13) Companies take pride in developing advertising that breaks through the media clutter and creates lasting impressions on potential buyers minds. It is essential to be seen on TV, magazines, and other media in order to show potential buyers that your product is worth investing in. Today, media is so integrated into the society that it dominates the culture. Therefore, media presence is crucial in influencing consumers. The worlds cultures are growing increasingly visual. People spend less time reading and more time watching. Advertisers want to engage the viewer using highly simplified concepts that are a fusion of visuals and words. They want their ideas to communicate linguistically in seconds, yet stay imprinted on the mind of the buyer. Companies need to avoid the mistake of setting customer expectations too high through exaggerated promotional claim since this can lead to dissatisfaction if performance falls short of expectations. (Jobber 1998: 12) Finding out what the customer wants is one of the problems marketing research tries to solve. Marketing research has been defined as trying to analyze marketing problems scientifically. It studies people as buyers and sellers, examining their habits, attitudes, preferences, dislikes, and purchasing power. It often studies specific segments of a population, such as teenagers, high-income groups, or senior citizens. Marketing research also investigates distribution systems, pricing, promotion, product design, packaging, brand names, and almost every aspect of the seller-buyer relationship. Marketing research is divided into a number of sub areas. Advertising research attempts to find out the effectiveness of advertising. It also seeks to learn the best media for advertising specific products: television, newspapers, radio, magazines, billboards, and others. Market analysis tries to identify and measure markets for specific products and to estimate sales potential. Markets may be differentiated by population groups or by geography. Some types of clothing are more likely to sell in Florida and California than in the northern Midwest. Some cosmetics will appeal more to black customers than to white customers. Marketing research is an expensive undertaking, and its costs are built into the prices of products. Almost every company in the United States that manufactures a product, that provides a service, or that sells products or services through retail outlets uses advertising. Those that use it most are companies that must create a demand for several products or services among many people residing in a large area. While advertising brings the economies of mass selling to the manufacturer, it produces benefits for the consumer as well. Some of those economies are passed along to the purchaser so that the cost of a product sold primarily through advertising is usually far less than one sold through personal salespeople. Advertising brings people immediate news about products that have just come on the market. Finally, advertising pays for the programs on commercial television and radio and for about two thirds of the cost of publishing magazines and newspapers. Consumer goods are those that are sold to final users, the customers. These goods include food, clothing, automobiles, television sets, appliances, and all those things people go to stores to purchase. To sell a product or good successfully you must appeal to the consumer. Companies use advertisement to entice them to go into stores and purchase products. For instance, coffee is a very popular and fast selling consumer good, which will always be in demand. A popular commercial and slogan was used by Maxwell Coffee to differiante them from other coffee companies. A Cup of Instant Culture was the slogan the company used earlier this decade. With coffee drinking on the wane, coffee makers can no longer simply offer satisfied faces grinning over cups of steaming java. Coffee, like lifestyles, must be exotic and sophisticated. P&G's Folger's and Kraft General Food's Maxwell House have spent bundles not only to keep their jingles alive but to show that they fit into a thirty something mindset awash with babies, careers and an amateurs appreciation for those fresh-roasted grounds. Ironically, the most efficient performers were two Nestle brands that don't offer the fresh-ground variety: Nescafe and Taster's Choice. Both reduced their spending and increased their efficiency dramatically. For Taster's Choice, the trick may have been its allusions to elegance: Is this one too good for your guests? A handsome neighbor asks a well-coiffed hostess who's looking to borrow some coffee. Nescafe evokes the exotic with scenes of tropical splendor. Hills Brothers, which kept both spending and efficiency relatively static, goes even further, taking viewers on a jungle expedition filled with toucans and rain forest haze, all to the strains of melodies familiar to fans of Paul Simon. To improve the selling of consumer goods companies are reevaluating their advertising techniques and promotions. Online advertising revenue grew 66 percent between the first and second quarters of this year, with significant gains made in the consumer-goods business. Those are among the findings of a report based on a survey of major advertising sites that the Internet Advertising Bureau released last week. The study, conducted by Coopers & Lybrand's New Media Group, found that total spending rose to $214.4 million in the quarter ended June 30, up from $129.5 million in the March quarter. These are the strongest results we've seen yet, said Rich LeFurgy, chairman of the IAB and senior vice president of advertising for ESPN/ABCNews Internet. The advertising bureau is a trade group whose primary members are sites that are ad-supported. The bureau's numbers reflect self-reported revenue figures from more than 800 sites, each of which has at least $5,000 a month in online ad revenue. The survey gets a 90 percent response rate, according to Peter Petrusky, who oversees the study for Coopers & Lybrand. The growth of ads for consumer goods was particularly noteworthy given that ads for computers and related products had been dominant since the Web's inception. Ads for consumer goods were responsible or 30 percent of revenue in the second quarter, up from 17 percent in the first quarter. Following consumer goods were financial services (22 percent of total spending), computer goods (21 percent), and new media and telecommunications (7 percent each). LeFurgy said the growth demonstrated that consumer-goods companies were moving out of an experimental mode and into a commitment mode on the Web. In conclusion, the client above used this information to evaluate the effectiveness of the advertising. They determined that the advertising was memorable, but that the public tended not to recall the message the client was trying to portray. They were able to make changes to the advertising to better communicate the intended message. All of these types of marketing are attempts to find and reach the elusive and demanding consumer. However, one of the most interesting of these responses is it grows out of the conviction that the only way for marketing to be effective with the consumer of today is to radically change and become subversive. The marketing techniques, advertising, and promotion used by todays companies help consumer goods and services sell quickly. Bibliography Atiyah P.S. The Sale of Goods London: Pitman: London, 1990. Dobson A.P. Sale of Goods and Consumer Credit. London: Sweet & Maxwell Limted 1989. Jobber, David Principles and Practice of Marketing. London: McGraw Hill 2nd ed, 1998 Mowen, John C. and Minor, Micheal. Consumer Behaviour 5th ed New Jersey: Prentice Hall, 1998 Woodruffe, Helen Services Marketing. M&E Pitman: London, 1995 
PART 1 -INTRODUCTION Review Process On 29 September 1999, the Minister for Family and Community Services announced the Government's intention to review the Australian welfare system. The Minister appointed this Reference Group to consult with the community and provide advice to the Government on welfare reform. The Group's terms of reference and membership are at Attachment A to this report. In March this year the Reference Group released an Interim Report that outlined a new framework for a fundamental re-orientation of Australia's social support system and sought feedback from the Australian community. After the Interim Report was released, the Reference Group received over 300 written responses as well as verbal feedback from income support recipients, business and community representatives. This Final Report presents our medium to long term recommendations. In addition, we set out some initial steps, which could be taken in the development of a new Participation Support System. The Reference Group believes the full implementation of the new system may take a decade. Nevertheless, much can be done in the short term to improve the current system to encourage and facilitate participation. The Need for Fundamental Reform Trends Australia is in the midst of a profound economic and social transformation. The consequences of this transformation require us to re-think and re-configure our approach to social support. Disappointingly, the current social support system may be failing many of those it was designed to help. Australia is in its eighth year of strong economic growth, yet joblessness, underemployment and reliance on income support remain unacceptably high. Disadvantage is also concentrated increasingly in particular segments of the population and in particular localities. These are not problems being faced by Australia alone; they are being experienced in many comparable countries. Over recent decades a variety of economic and demographic factors have combined to create the new and disturbing phenomena of jobless families and job poor communities. These unequal outcomes have generated the unacceptable prospect that significant concentrations of economic and social disadvantage might become entrenched. In its analysis, the Reference Group focused on four trends (discussed more fully at Attachment B) that underpin the need for a bold change to our social support system: A growing divide between 'job rich' and 'job poor' households. There is strong employment growth in some areas, but high rates of joblessness persist in many regions and localities. In addition, too many children live in families with no parent in paid work. Labour market trends have brought changes in the balance between permanent full-time jobs and part-time and casual work, between male and female employment, between jobs in manufacturing and primary industry and jobs in service industries. Many of the new part-time jobs have been taken in households where there is someone already in employment, which contributes to the widening gap in the distribution of jobs. More people receive income support. Over the past thirty years, there has been a steady upward trend in the proportion of the workforce-age population receiving income support and other publicly provided assistance. Of special concern is the proportion of the population that depends on income support for the majority of their income. Job opportunities for less skilled workers have stagnated or declined, while technological change and the globalisation of industry and trade has increased the demand for highly skilled workers. This has been associated with a widening distribution of earnings. Entrenched economic and social disadvantage Without appropriate action now, Australia may be consigning large numbers of people to an intergenerational cycle of significant joblessness. Australia already has one of the highest levels of joblessness among families with children in OECD countries (OECD 1998). In June 1999, about 860,000 children lived in a jobless household. The available evidence suggests that children in families experiencing long term joblessness are more likely to rely heavily on income support as they grow up (Pech & McCoull, 1999). Long term economic and social disadvantage has negative consequences for individuals, their families and the broader community. Lack of paid employment during the prime working years, and consequent reliance on income support, reduce current and lifetime incomes. Participation in paid employment is a major source of self-esteem. Without it, people can fail to develop, or become disengaged from, employment, family and community networks. This can lead to physical and psychological ill health and reduced life opportunities for parents and their children. In recent times, an unequal distribution of employment gains has also seen neighbourhoods with higher employment and income levels improve their position relative to neighbourhoods with lower employment and lower average incomes (Gregory & Hunter 1995). Just as with jobless families, the problems facing job poor communities can be self-reinforcing. The most disadvantaged regions have poorer educational, social and transport infrastructure as well as reduced employment opportunities. Without intervention, the cycle of decline in disadvantaged areas may continue despite employment gains in the economy overall. Suitability of existing arrangements The current social support system has its origins in a fundamentally different economic and social environment when unemployment was low and generally short term and the most common family type was a couple with children and a principal male breadwinner. The growth of unemployment, the rising trend of lone parenthood and an aging population have made income support a less exceptional circumstance. We have identified four particular shortcomings with the current social support system: Service delivery arrangements are fragmented and not adequately focussed on participation goals for all people of workforce age. There is an overly complex and rigid categorical array of pensions and allowances for people of workforce age. There are inadequate incentives for some forms of participation and inadequate rewards for some forms of work. The system does not provide enough recognition of participation. Participation Support System Overview Central to our vision is a belief that the nations social support system must be judged by its capacity to help people participate economically and socially, as well as by the adequacy of its income support arrangements. Australias social support system must do more than provide adequate levels of income support for people in need. It must ensure that people are actively engaged socially and economically, including in the labour force, to reduce the risk of long term social and economic disadvantage for themselves and their families. Many people will require support at different points in their lives and some may require it for longer periods. Whatever their circumstances, the social support system should seek to optimise their capacity for participation. The Reference Group considers that a broad concept of economic and social participation can provide a positive underpinning for the Participation Support System. This broad concept extends beyond the traditional focus on financial self-support and labour force status (employed, unemployed or not in the labour force) to recognise the value of the many other ways people can participate in society. It is not possible, and probably not desirable, to draw a clear line between those activities that could be classed as economic participation and those that constitute social participation. Paid work has social value and unpaid work has clear economic value. All activities that build relationships with others have both economic and social dimensions and should be encouraged and supported. Social participation, valuable in itself, can also enable people to develop skills that may be transferable to paid employment. For some people, therefore, involvement in voluntary work of various kinds might be an appropriate component of an agreed strategy to develop their capacity for economic participation. This approach is intended to re-emphasise an important objective of our proposals for welfare reform to achieve a more equitable distribution of employment, ensuring that long term jobless people are able to compete in the labour market. There is a question as to when and in what circumstances people should be required to seek paid work. In our view it is reasonable to require people with capacity who are work-ready, are available for at least part-time work and have access to job opportunities to seek work that is suitable, having regard to their personal circumstances. We believe it is critical that a broader mutual obligations framework recognises, supports and validates voluntary work and caring, without prescribing any particular form of social participation. Objectives Overall, our goal is to minimise social and economic exclusion. Australias success in doing this will be measured by the following three key outcomes: 1 A significant reduction in the incidence of jobless families and jobless households. 2 A significant reduction in the proportion of the working age population that needs to rely heavily on income support. 3 Stronger communities that generate more opportunities for social and economic participation. Some of the factors that will be important in helping Australia achieve these outcomes fall outside our terms of reference. These include policies designed to support economic and employment growth and to avoid recessions. Additional responsibilities for the whole community One of the important principles that underpin our approach to welfare reform is that there are social obligations that apply to everyone. Alongside a growing emphasis on individual choice, we must also recognise the importance of obligations and responsibilities. Social obligations extend beyond individuals to corporate entities such as business enterprises and trade unions. Businesses, for example, have obligations to their customers, their employees, and the community at large, as well as to their shareholders. Meeting social obligations should not require purely altruistic behaviour or coercion from government and the regulatory framework. Social obligations, in general, confer substantial benefits on individuals and corporate entities. For example, enterprises benefit through employee morale, customer satisfaction and community respect, and a healthy social environment in which to operate. The Reference Group has used the social obligations framework to develop a wide concept of mutual obligations. Obligations are reciprocal and they extend across the whole community, not just between government (on behalf of the community) and the individual in receipt of income support. The Reference Group believes that there are clear obligations on other parties individuals, businesses and communities. These obligations need to be reflected in the design of the new system (see Part 2, Sections D & E). Business has an obligation to work with government, communities and individuals to generate more opportunities for economic participation. All these groups will need to be more active in identifying and developing opportunities for social participation. We are pleased to note the evidence that business organisations recognise the need for enterprises to take on social obligations (Centre for Corporate Affairs in association with the Business Council of Australia, 2000). One important method of meeting obligations to those in need is through social partnerships between business, government and community organisations. An advantage of social partnerships is that the providers of the associated training, counselling and work opportunities are in direct contact with those in need. For this reason, social partnerships, as well as mutual obligations, is one of the five features of the Participation Support System. Both of these features of the proposed system are underpinned by the concept of social obligations. Mutual Obligations Our main reason for supporting a broad application of the mutual obligations concept is the long-term benefits for individuals, families and the wider community. The prospect of entrenched social exclusion faces only a small percentage of those who come into contact with the social support system. Most people will re-enter the paid workforce at an appropriate time through their own efforts or with minimal help. The stark reality is that those who most need assistance are often those who have few opportunities to participate and are often the least motivated to pursue them. For this reason, the new system must engage people more actively, and to be successful that engagement must be reciprocal. Consequently, the Reference Group believes that some form of requirement is necessary (see Part 2, Section D). In considering opportunities for economic and social participation, the Reference Group is mindful that some people in our community face structural or systemic barriers to participation, including discrimination and problems with access to appropriate services and support. Examples include: Indigenous people who have the highest rates of joblessness and economic disadvantage in Australia. People with disabilities who can face physical access problems to services and the workplace, as well as attitudinal barriers. People of diverse linguistic and cultural backgrounds can often face language barriers as well as differences in what is considered culturally appropriate. Mature age people may sometimes be regarded as ready for retirement when they would rather remain economically active into their sixties or beyond. Parents and carers need employers who recognise that they may face some limitations on their availability for work and provide family friendly employment conditions. While the Reference Group believes that our vision of a participation support system is sufficiently robust to cater to the holistic needs of individuals, we also recognise that some complementary strategies will be required to address particular structural or systemic issues. Core issues A participation support system along the lines we propose will build on the many worthwhile initiatives and pilot studies undertaken over recent years by government, business and communities. Nevertheless, full implementation will involve fundamental changes that give rise to many important issues. In this report, the Reference Group deals with three central questions: How should the current social support system be reformed to make it more effective in encouraging participation? Sections A, B & C in Part 2 of this document covering service delivery, income support, and incentives and financial assistance deal substantially with this issue. What are the obligations of government, business, community and individuals? Section D of Part 2 covering mutual obligations deals with this issue. How can more opportunities for economic and social participation be created for people receiving income support, especially those living in disadvantaged regions, beyond those factors that are largely outside our terms of reference such as the rate of economic growth? Sections D & E of Part 2, covering mutual obligations and social partnerships, deal with this issue. Five features of Participation Support The Interim Report there outlined five features of our proposed reforms. We remain convinced of the importance of all five. Each one of these is integral to our vision of a Participation Support System and they are mutually reinforcing. For our vision to be realised there will need to be progress in each of these areas. Individualised service delivery. Income support and related services will activate, enhance and support social and economic participation, consistent with individual capacities and circumstances. Service delivery will focus on meeting the needs of individuals and on helping them to identify and achieve participation goals. This will include greater emphasis on prevention and early intervention to improve peoples capacity for self-reliance over the course of their lives (discussed in Part 2, Section A). A simpler income support structure that is more responsive to individual needs, circumstances and aspirations. We envision a dynamic and holistic system that will recognise and respond to peoples changing circumstances over their life cycle and within their own family and community context (discussed in Part 2, Section B). Incentives and financial assistance to encourage and enable participation. Social support structures will ensure a fair return from paid work, while maintaining fair relativities between people in different circumstances, and take account of the additional costs of participation (discussed in Part 2, Section C). Mutual obligations underpinned by the concept of social obligations. Governments, businesses, communities and individuals all have roles. Governments will have a responsibility to continue to invest significant resources to support participation. Employers and communities will have a responsibility to provide opportunities and support. Income support recipients will have a responsibility to take-up the opportunities provided by government, business and community, consistent with community values and their own capacity (discussed in Part 2, Section D). Social partnerships are a key strategy for building community capacity to increase opportunities for social and economic participation. We have identified four processes through which social partners may work to enhance community capacity: community economic development, fostering micro-businesses, community business partnerships and social entrepreneurship (discussed in Part 2, Section E). Consultative Process and Feedback The Reference Group has drawn heavily on the views and expertise of the hundreds of people and organisations that made contributions during the development of both the Interim and Final Reports. We advertised for public submissions prior to developing our Interim Report and received over 360 from individuals and organisations. We met with some 30 peak organisations - representing business, service providers and welfare organisations. The Reference Group also sought community feedback on the Interim Report through: Feedback questionnaires available on the Internet and distributed to all organisations and individuals who had made submissions prior to the development of the Interim Report. A series of commissioned focus groups with income support recipients. A series of commissioned focus groups with representatives of the community sector, employer and business peak bodies, academia and government. Bilateral meetings with key peak bodies and their officials. Participating in public discussions at conferences, meetings and seminars. We were encouraged by the degree of community interest in and debate about our Interim Report. Feedback from organisations and individuals revealed three main perspectives on the Reference Groups argument that Australias social support system must be judged on its capacity to help people access opportunities for economic and social participation, as well as the adequacy of income support: 1. Poverty alleviation through provision of secure and adequate income support should be the pre-eminent goal of the social support system and the basis on which people would be able to participate socially and economically. 2. Agreement with the view that the key goal of the social support system should be to help people access opportunities for social and economic participation. This perspective held that such a goal was related to citizenship and would enhance social cohesion while emphasising that adequate income support is also of fundamental importance. 3. Equal importance should be placed on the twin goals of adequate income and participation because they are linked and need to be mutually reinforcing, although recognising that they could sometimes conflict. While we have not attempted to assess what represents an adequate level of income support, we emphasise the importance of maintaining adequacy. We note the strong community feedback on this issue and the Governments strong commitment to not reduce rates of payment.. Our recommendations seek to enhance and complement the existing social safety net. 
INDUSTRY IN GERMANY Country Issues Country issues related to Germany are addressed in four contexts. The areas of consideration are (1) cultural, social, and demographic trends and concerns, (2) political/governmental concerns, (3) exchange rate issues, and (4) macroeconomic issues. Cultural, Social, and Demographic Trends and Concerns Germany is the slightly larger then the combined size of Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New York. (137,691 square miles.) Germany is a nation of 81.5 million people (Hunter, 1997). The rate of population growth in Germany approximates one-percent per year. The head of the government is Chancellor Gerhard Schroder (elected on October 27,1998). The official language is German. The principal religions are Protestant (Evangelical Lutheran) and Roman Catholic-Christianity. German workers are among the best educated, best trained, and most productive to be found anywhere in the world. Germany's modest population growth tends to produce market stability, as opposed to market growth. Thus, automobile manufacturers in Germany tend to look to exports for sales growth. Germany's chief commercial exports include machinery, automobiles (Volkswagen, Mercedes-Benz, Audi), chemicals, iron, and steel. Political/Government Concerns Germany is a parliamentary democracy. A proportional representation system assures that smaller parties are represented in the Bundestag. The governing conservative coalition, the Christian Democratic Union (all states other than Bavaria) and the Christian Social Union (in Bavaria where the Christian Democratic Union does not stand), has held power since 1982 (Hunter, 1997). The reunification of East Germany and West Germany into a single state has produced economic, political, and social problems. While not all of these problems have been completely solved, they do not represent a source of instability in the country. Exchange Rate Issues The currency in Germany is called Deutsche Mark. The economy in Germany is the strongest in Western Europe and is an important member of the European Union. The principals of the social market economy guide its economic activity. Germany has pursued a monetary policy of that emphasized the control of inflation, relatively high interest rates, and a strong mark, often to the complete dismay of the country's European Community partners. Monetary policy emphasizes interest rates and money supply management. Germany is a key player in the drive toward European Monetary Union. The mark remains strong at DM1.84/US$1 and DM3.07/61 (Financial Indicators,1998). Germany will qualify for monetary union and the single European currency as of 1 January 1999 (Maastricht Follies,1998). Taxation in Germany The federal government and its States (lands) try to coordinate their policies through such advisory bodies as the economic council and the finance planning council. But the central government cannot order the States (lands) to follow its policy, largely because it has no monopoly on taxing power. In, all the central government receives around 55 percent of all taxes but makes then 45 percent of all expenses. On the other hand the States, spend more then they receive and the federal government makes up the difference. Macroeconomic Issues Per capita gross national product is US $28,760, gross domestic product is US $2.1 trillion (Hunter, 1997). Germany's GDP growth in 1997 was 2.4 percent Economic Indicators, 1998). Foreign Trade remains the essential pillar of Germany's prosperity. It is one of the world's leading export accounts for over half of it manufacturing jobs. Germany is very sensitive to world economic climates because, its GDP is made 38 percent of exports. Germany's international trade balance is traditionally in the black (Hunter, 1997). Exports typically exceed imports by approximately five-percent. Germany's international trade balance is compared with that of Japan and the United States in Table 1. Table 1 International Trade Balance Comparison: Germany, Japan, and the United States [billions of US$] ________________________________________________________________ Country January-March 1998 April 1997-March 1998 Germany + 4.62 + 70.5 Japan +8.79 + 103.8 United States -18.80 - 199.4 [Source: Financial Indicators, 1998] ________________________________________________________________ Germany's exports 46.4 percent of total exports to members of the European Union, these include top two: France at 11.2 percentage and the United Kingdom 8.7 percentage. The United States receives 9.2 percentage of Germany's exports. Germany's imports the most from France 11.2 percentage of total imports and then followed by the Netherlands at 8.4 percentage. The United States imports 8.1 percentage of the total imports of Germany. German monetary and fiscal policy emphasizes the control of inflationary pressures. Consumer prices in Germany have risen by an average of approximately 1.5 percent over the past five years (World Bank, 1997). Industrial activity employs 43 percent of Germany's workforce; while 54 percent are employed in the service sector of the nation's economy, and the remaining three-percent are employed in agriculture. Taxes in Germany are unified (Hunter, 1997). Taxes are collected by a central authority, and then are distributed to the federal government, the lander (state) governments, and the local authorities. Taxes are levied on personal income, corporate income, capital gain, turnover and trade (value added), and insurance and accounts. Additionally, excise taxes are levied on most products. German governments (federal, state, and local) do not engage in deficit financing. Market and Industry Issues Market and industry issues are addressed in four contexts. The areas of concerned addressed are (1) demand conditions, (2) the competitive structure of the German automobile industry, (3) production costs in the automobile industry, and automobile-specific tariffs and trade restrictions. Germany is a part of the European Union. The EU is a union of fifteen independent states based on the European Communities and founded to enhance political, economic, and social co-operation. Members include: Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, and United Kingdom. Germany is among the largest and technologically advanced produces of iron, steel, coal, cement, chemicals, machinery, vehicles, and machine tools. Demand Conditions Germany's infrastructure is among the most highly developed among the nations of the world (Roby, 1994). Infrastructure development varies, however, by region. No infrastructure major problems exist in the old West German states; however, some problems continue to exist in the old East German states. Germany's distribution system is among the most highly developed among the nations of the world (Hunter, 1997). The Western European automobile market increased to 12.7 million passenger cars in 1997, maintaining its position as the largest new automobile market in the world (Upper Segment Cars in Western Europe: A Market Under Siege, 1997). Competitive Situation Competition in the automobile manufacturing industry in Germany is not limited to Germany automobile manufacturers. Because Germany is a member of the European Union, all automobile manufacturers within the Union compete on an equal footing within Germany (Short-Term Prospects for the German Motor Industry and market, 1997). Mercedes-Benz has recently experienced sales difficulties for the company's passenger car line in the United States. One action taken by the company to reverse this sales decline is the introduction of a new, smaller, and less costly passenger car line in the United States (Martin, 1997).. Volkswagen, Germany (market share: 15.4 percent), Fiat, Italy (market share: 14.2 percent), and Peugeot, France (market share: 12.9 percent) hold the first three places in the European automobile market (Phelan & Feast, 1997). General Motors is the fourth largest seller of automobiles in Europe (market share: 11.8 percent), while Ford in number five (market share: 11.6 percent). Unlike the United States, where Japanese automobile manufacturers hold 27 percent of the market, the Japanese manufacturers have a market share of only 11.6 percent in Europe (Woodruff, 1997). Industry Production Costs A major labor-related problem for industries moving into Germany is the fact that Germans by and large are unwilling to accept jobs in industries where the wages are relatively low and the working conditions poor by German standards. Unemployment, however, is high in relation to traditional post-war German standards. Therefore, labor wage rate increases have been moderate. Labor stability is higher in Germany than in the United States. The turnover rate in German manufacturing firms is quite low (Feast, 1996). For years, Germany had a shortage of labor and even brought in guest workers from Southern Europe and Turkey. Germany has on of the shortest workweeks at 35 hours per week. The average America worker works longer hours and receives twelve days of paid vacation verses six weeks and 13 to 16 days of vacation (holiday) for Germans. Strong industrial unionization and legislation in Germany create job protection and security for German industrial workers. As a consequence, both strikes and unauthorized absenteeism among most German workers is low in relation to most other industrial countries (Feast, 1997). German employers are encountering difficulties in effecting changes among the German workforce. The tradition of strong worker social services and strong labor unions in Germany strengthens the will of employees to resist such changes suggested by management (Feast, 1997). Growth in manufacturing labor productivity in Germany and the United States are compared. Relevant data are presented in Table 2, which may be found on the following page. For both Germany and the United States, manufacturing multifactor productivity (MFP) is a more important explanatory factor than capital-for-labor substitution in explaining labor productivity growth. The differences in labor productivity growth between the two countries is another question (Lysko, 1995). The contributions to manufacturing output growth in Germany and the United States by labor, capital, and MFP are compared. Relevant data are presented in Table 3, which may be found on page 8. While hours worked were declining in German manufacturing at the rate of 0.6 percent per year, hours worked in the United States increased at the rate of 0.8 percent per year. The net result was that, although the use of combined factor inputs increased more in Germany than in the United States (an annual rise of 2.4 percent versus 1.6 percent), German multifactor productivity grew marginally faster over this 17-year period; the average difference was 0.4 percentage points per year (Lysko, 1995, p. 52). Table 2 Sources of Manufacturing Labor Productivity Growth, 1956-93 (Percent)_______________________________________________________________ Output Per Capital-Labor multifactor Country Hour Substitution Productivity United States: 1956-90 3.0 1.0 2.1 1956-93 3.1 1.0 2.1 1956-73 3.8 0.8 2.9 1973-90 2.3 1.1 1.2 1973-79 .8 1.1 -.2 1979-90 3.1 1.1 2.0 1990-93 4.0 1.1 2.8 Germany: 1956-90 4.7 2.0 2.6 1956-93 4.4 2.0 2.3 1956-73 6.5 3.1 3.4 1973-90 2.9 1.1 1.8 1973-79 4.3 1.7 2.6 1979-90 2.1 .8 1.3 1990-93 1.2 1.7 -.4 [source: Lysko, 1995] _______________________________________________________________ Table 3 Contribution of Labor, Capital and MFP to Manufacturing Output Growth, United States Versus Germany, 1956-93 (Percent Annual Change) _______________________________________________________________ Manufacturing Labor/Capital MFP Growth Period Output Growth Input Growth __________ 1956-1990: Germany 3.6 1.0 2.6 United States 3.3 1.2 2.1 Difference .3 - .2 .5 1956-1993: Germany 3.1 .8 2.3 United States 3.2 1.1 2.1 Difference - .1 - .3 .2 1973-1990: Germany 1.4 - .4 1.8 United States 2.0 .8 1.2 Difference - .6 - 1.1 .5 1990-1993: Germany - 2.2 - 1.8 - .4 United States 2.6 - .2 _ 2.8 Difference - 4.8 - 1.6 - 3.2 [source: Lysko, 1995] _______________________________________________________________ The competitive position of the Germany automobile manufacturing industry has suffered in the decade of the 1990s, as German unemployment has increased by German standards (Feast, 1996). High labor rates in the German automobile industry also have hurt the industry, as German manufactured automobiles increasingly are unable to compete within the context of price (Short-Term Prospects for the German Motor Industry and Market, 1996). The pricing problem has hurt the industry in the domestic German market, the wider European market, and the global automobile market. Automobile Industry-Specific Tariffs and Trade Restrictions No tariffs or trade restrictions apply to automobiles manufactured within the European Union, regardless of the country in which the manufacturing plant is located and regardless of where the headquarters of the plant owner is located. Thus, General Motors and Ford based in the United States have subsidiaries in Europe, including those located in Germany, which compete on equal terms with European-based automobile manufacturers. One Japanese automobile manufacturer has a plant located in Spain. The output of this plant competes on an equal footing with European-based automobile manufacturers. Automobiles manufactured in Japan, as well as those manufactured in the United States, and then shipped to the European Union members, however, are subject to both tariffs and trade restrictions in the form of import quotas. Bibliography Economic indicators. (1998, 11 April). Economist, 347(8063), 80. Feast, R. (1996, August). Why Germany is hurting: High labor rates could mean there'll never be another new vehicle plant built here. Automotive Industries, 176(8), 43-45. Financial indicators. (1998, 11 April). Economist, 347(8063), 81. Hunter, B. (Ed.). (1997). Statesman's year-book, 1997-1998. New York: Oxford University Press. Lysko, W. (1995, July). Manufacturing multifactor productivity in three countries. Monthly Labor Review, 118(7), 39-55. Martin, J. (1997, 7 July). Mercedes: Made in Alabama. Fortune, 136(1), 150-155. Maastricht follies. (1998, 11 April). Economist, 347(8063), S8-S10. Phelan, M., & Feast, R. (1997, October). European sales are in a funk: The vise of overcapacity tightens in an increasingly fragmented market. Automotive Industries, 177(10), 143-144. Roby, E. F. (1994, 22 September). A great leap forward. Far Eastern Economic Review, 42-43. Short-term prospects for the German motor industry and market. (1997, Summer). Motor Business Europe, 18-41. Short-term prospects for the German motor industry and market. (1996, Summer). Motor Business Europe, 25-57. Upper-segment cars in Western Europe: A market under siege. (1997, Winter). Motor Business Europe, 103-116. Woodruff, D. (1997, 13 October). Japanese cars spin their wheels on the continent. Business Week, (3548), 50. World Bank. (1997). World development report 1997. New York: Oxford University Press. 
The ubiquity of change social, economic, political, technological and attitudinaland the accelerated pace by which it is occurring demand a serious and imaginative response on the part of business if they want to thrive over the next several years, let alone the next decade or 100 years. Strategic planning is highly selective, sets priorities, and does not constitute a comprehensive review of the organization's activities (Eadie, 1993; Shea, 1997). It does identify the strategic issues facing the organization. Strategic planning should be a constructive, consensus building activity that focuses on the health of the organization. If no strategic plan is adopted the disadvantages are: Loss of competitive edge. Crisis management - reactive rather than proactive. Diverse directions and redundancy. At the mercy of outside influences. Strategic planning begins with the definition or analysis of mission, and cannot proceed until there is mission consensus among all planning participants. Mission analysis identifies the spectrum of customers the organization will serve, the broad categories of products and services it will produce, and the way it will measure success. Once a customer base is defined, the next step in strategic planning is to develop a clear understanding of the characteristics of the groups or classes of customers in this customer base. Once this understanding is established, the organization can then define potential customer requirements extending over the planning horizon. Leading organizations have found that it is wise to include customers in the planning process to increase the confidence level of the strategic plan. The best organizations have extended the strategic planning process to include all major supplier organizations as well. When suppliers and customers are included in the planning process, the concept of value-chain management becomes viable. The value-chain is a series of value-added activities and processes that begin within suppliers' organizations and extends through to customers' organizations. An organization exists within, and must successfully operate within, an external environment over which it has little or no control. Strategic planning attempts to understand the current environment by collecting and analysing data; and then to describe a potential future environment by reasoning techniques, plotting trend lines, searching for potential paradigm shifts, and utilizing simulation techniques. Usually, the future environment is described as a series of potential scenarios that will be obtained if certain specified conditions occur. Given a well-developed scenario, it is possible for strategic planners to develop a recommended organizational response for that scenario and thus, provide planning guidance that can be used to develop annual business plans. The annual business plans will then have the effect of moving the organization in the desired direction. Given enough time and resources, the organization can develop multiple scenarios and planned response packages for each potential scenario. Then, as events unfold, the organization is prepared for the appropriate response based on the scenario that seems to be best describing reality. It is important to realize that more than half the value of a strategic plan is in the preparation of it. The act of producing a strategic plan sensitises managers to look forward in their thinking so that they can be more proactive, rather than reactive, in their management practices. It trains their minds to look for clues, events, and trends in the environment that may affect or shape the way in which they manage the business. It prepares them to seize opportunities that may dramatically influence the way in which they can meet customer requirements. This is why it is important to perform strategic planning at several levels in the organization, and why it is critical that operating or line managers do their own planning rather than receiving from the directors. There are many views in strategic management in this assignment, however I will concentrate on three: 1. Rational Planning 2. Institutional Theory 3. Chaos Theory The Rationalist strategy has been heavily based upon military experience where its principles are: 1. Describe, understand and analyse the environment 2. Determine a course of action in the light of the above analysis 3. Carry out the decided course of action In reality it is more of a common sense principle used in everyday life for all matter of situations. The Corporate equivalent to this principle is a SWOT analysis. By using this approach it is intended to make the company aware of trends in its competitive environment, acknowledge and prepare for a change in its environment due to technological and social advances. A typical company that upholds this startergy would be British Airways, as their old fashioned structure of business, i.e Mission & Vision statements and goals. Institutional theory is based upon the idea that strategic management is not based on the formal process of rationalisation, but rather how managers experience subtle changes in the environment and react accordingly. This theory is based upon the argument that rationalist theory is ineffective as it is impossible to understand the complexity and change in the environment. The theories of chaos and complexity from science are being increasingly applied to organisational and social life. Some of these ideas include - Order leaps out of disorder and the Butterfly effect, large unpredictable consequences flow from tiny, microscopic events in systems Chaos leads to its twin science of complexity. Chaotic systems are complex. That is, you cannot predict or describe their structure. Complexity theorists argue that managers should allow creativity and efficiency to emerge naturally within organizations rather than imposing their own solutions on their employees. They can do this by setting some basic ground rules and then encouraging interactions or relationships among their employees so that solutions emerge from the bottom up. Managers can't predict what the solutions will be. But just as a flock of birds can achieve more than a bird flying solo, it's likely that the energy and enthusiasm that are unleashed when employees are working together will yield successful results. One company who use Chaos Theory is VBT. VBT's products provide cutting edge systems to the life science community with the most comprehensive line of integrated and automated systems for DNA research and analysis, protein and peptide characterization and analysis, carbohydrate analysis, separation and detection, as well as data research, management, and analysis. Application of excellence in microbial biotechnology (bacteria, yeasts, fungi), process design, scale-up and operation (batch, fed-batch, and continuous), and recombinant organisms is combined with a genuinely entrepreneurial culture and a receptivity towards external collaboration for business development. In the biotech industry overall, diversification of revenue line has become the name of the game - building businesses around such areas as research, manufacturing, contracting, shared development costs, co-marketing and co-promotion, desktop tools for scientists, bio-information systems, and, in some cases, actual product sales. VBT have recognized a need to divide their company into two worlds. The old style manufacturing world where cost is king and a new style knowledge-based world where survival itself may be dependent upon new innovation and adaptation. It actively employs a technique which its executives refer to as flocking. Flocking is the ability of the organization to recognize good opportunities and to flock resources around those opportunities. Having the ability to flock is having the ability to take advantage of opportunity. This is much easier said than done however. However in such an emerging market there are too many opportunities chasing too few resources. VBT has two distinct processes to help this along -- first, researchers (and this is a select group at VBT) are free to seek out their own resources among the company components, and second, VBT has a group (which they label operations) whose function is to satisfy the bureaucratic demands of the organization and keep the bureaucrats away from these select researchers. Conclusion One could say that traditional attitudes to strategic management do not guarantee organizational success. Traditionally managers have concentrated on the fit between the company and its environment, on the allocation of resources among competing investment opportunities and on the long-term which inherently involves the acceptance of risks. Though it could be wrong to suggest that the traditional approach has been incorrect, they advocate a different framework, in which the concept of stretch supplements the idea of fit, influencing resources is as important as allocating them, and the long term has as much to do with consistency of effort and purpose as it does with appetite for risk. One view is that strategic competitiveness is not so much a matter of social harmony, rational planning or, say, the conflict between competing products or companies, but rather a matter of mentality. Corporate strategies that do not recognise the complexities of the present, and the uncertainties and changes of the future, will certainly be of a rigid structure and most likely fail. Companies which embrace the strengths of all strategies incorporated into one amalgamated strategy focusing and analysing on its environment in my opinion will have a better chance of succeeding. Bibliography Eadie, Douglas C. 1993. Beyond Strategic Planning: How to Involve Non-profit Boards in Growth and Change. Washington, D.C.: National Centre for Non-profit Boards. Of Chaos and Complexity: Managerial Insights From A New Science Management Decision, Vol. 35, 1997, Number 3 Exploring Corporate Strategy, Fifth edition 1996, Johnson & Scholes 
Abstract Job stress can be defined as the harmful physical and emotional responses that occur when the requirements of the job do not match the capabilities, resources, or needs of the worker. Job stress can lead to poor health and even injury. This paper will discuss the four primary areas from which occupational stress originates. Next, the outcomes of stress will be discussed, followed by an examination of the classifications of stressors. The remainder of the discussion will be focused on the aspects of organizational communication and recommendations for prevention of occupational stress and stress management. Table of Contents Introduction 4 Sources of Occupational Stress 4 Stress Outcomes 5 Classifications of Occupationally Related Stress 6 Stressors and Organizational Communication 6 Job Burn-Out 8 Recommendations for Stress Management 9 Bibliography 11 Occupational Stress and its Effects on Organizational Communication The nature of work is changing at whirlwind speeds. Perhaps now, more than ever before, job stress poses a threat to the health of workers. Stress has long been associated with the onset of significant physical and mental health problems. Stress began to be implicated in areas beyond the bounds of physical and mental health as far back as the 1980s. In the organizational environment, stress has been implicated in the deterioration of performance efficiency by both managers and subordinates. When performance efficiency suffers the quality of the overall organizational environment and productivity deteriorates. A deterioration of the organizational environment is accompanied by deterioration in organizational communication (Gilberg, 1993). Sources of Occupational Stress The primary sources of occupational stress within an organization originate from four areas. These areas include task demands, physical demands, role demands, and interpersonal demands. Any demand, either of a physical nature or psychological nature, encountered in the course of living is know as a stressor. A stress response will occur as a result of an individuals interaction with and reaction to the stressor (Knotts, 1996). Task-related stress is directly related to the specific characteristics of the job itself. This type of stress involves role ambiguity, conflicting task demands, work overload or work underload, inadequate resource support, no provision for meaningful participation in decision-making, and insecurity, among others (Knotts, 1996). Physical demands of the workplace are another source to be considered. Environmental factors such as temperature variations, noise vibrations, and lighting may significantly affect individual stress. For example, extremes in lighting can cause stress, which often results in headaches and nervous tension (Knotts, 1996). Role demands are external to the tasks associated with a job. This particular type of stress typically develops as a result of flawed organizational structures, ineffective organizational development, the inability of an individual to successfully pursue achievement goals within an organization, or some combination of all three. The individuals stress often results when his or her work role and responsibility has not been clearly defined (Knotts, 1996). The final source area of occupational stress relates to interpersonal demands. Interpersonal stress at work is concerned with the demands that are placed on us in developing working relationships with other people in our organizations (Knotts, 1996). Leadership style of managers and supervisors is often a source of stress for their employees. Stress Outcomes The result of stressors commonly associated with occupational stress tends to vary widely. Workers may simply resort to daydreaming or fantasizing. Alternatively, employees may react more actively by creating interpersonal and intraorganizational conflicts involving escalating levels of communication problems. Workers may also experience effects in their psychological and physical health. Psychological consequences may include anxiety, boredom, low self-esteem, forgetfulness, depression, anger, apathy, or worry. Physical consequences may include, but are certainly not limited to, headaches, diabetes, fatigue, hypertension, chest and back pain, ulcers, or even infectious diseases. Studies show that 85% of all physical illness is stress related (Randolfi, 1996). These results are just a few of many stress outcomes that may result from the effects of occupational stress. Workers may also exhibit deviations in their behavior. Examples of departures from normal behavior may be overeating/loss of appetite, smoking, alcohol abuse, sleeping disorders, emotional outbursts, or violence and aggression (Randolfi, 1996). From the organizational aspect, stress has many consequences. Reductions in effectiveness, productivity, and communication are results that are not as easy to identify; however, such outcomes can be among the most debilitating for both the organization and for the individual. Other results may include accidents in the workplace, job turnover, low morale, poor work relations, poor organizational climate, and absenteeism (Randolfi, 1996). Absenteeism, for example, results in 4% of the work hours which are lost, and translates into millions of dollars annually (Knotts, 1996). Classifications of Stressors Occupationally related stressors tend to vary from job to job and from organization to organization. These stressors can be easily divided into three classifications. The first classification contains stressors that are common to a wide variety of jobs. This group includes issues regarding customer demands, time constraints, and ineffective training. The second classification contains stressors that are common to a wide variety of organizations. This group includes issues related to absence of support from organizational superiors, non-competitive wage structures, poor job descriptions, and ineffective organizational motivational strategies. The third, and last, classification contains factors related to interdepartmental activities within an organization. This group included issues such as poor cooperation, organizational politics, and similar activities. Occupationally related stressors also tend to evolve as changes occur in organizational environments, organizational staffing, and job tasks (Schaubroeck, 1993). Change should always be carefully planned. Therefore, employees should be educated as to the nature and purpose of the change, and the implementation of change must be non-threatening, if debilitating stress associated with the change is to be avoided. Stressors and Organizational Communication A separate class of stress research has emphasized the determination of how stressors develop in organizations, as opposed to the identification of additional stressors, or the assessment stressor quality or quantity (Schaubroeck, 1993). This research identified three groups of occupational stressor antecedents. These antecedent groups are contextual variables, role variables, and task variables. Contextual variables were associated with the organizational subsystem; role variables were associated with job levels; and task variables were associated with autonomy, complexity, interdependence, routinization, and closeness of supervision (Schaubroeck, 1993). This same body of research classified the occupational stressors that stemmed from the three antecedent groups into seven categories. These seven stressor categories are entrant conflict, technical problems, efficiency problems, role frustration, staff shortages, short lead times, and excessive meetings. Through the study of stressor antecedents, and through the classification of occupationally related stressors as described above, this body of research found that both the type and the magnitude of stressors varied according to organizational level. At upper management levels, the most significant stressors tended to be qualitative overload and time constraints, while at lower levels of an organization, the most significant stressors tended to be role frustration and technical problems. This body of research concluded that a large measure of uniformity in the perceived work experiences of individuals exists within particular membership groups, but not between membership groups. Extensions of the basic research in this area found that both contextually related and role-related variables affect interpersonal communication, job attitude, job behavior, and the magnitude of job stressors. In this context, the researchers concluded that an individual's perceptions of work-generated stressors and their eventual reactions to these organizational realities are influenced by the location within a particular organizational environment of that individual (Schaubroeck, 1993). Occupational stress is often associated with overachievers or workaholics. High levels of self-induced stress usually characterize these individuals. Stress, however, is also associated with so-called underload situations. Studies of plant closures and involuntarily unemployed workers found that health problems, both physical and mental, are higher during layoff periods than during periods of employment. Studies also found that stress is often higher among blue-collar workers than among managerial personnel. Job level, associated with job status, was found to be tied to self-esteem. Lower self-esteem was associated with higher levels of stress. Even on the job, job underload creates as much stress as does job overload. Job underload means that an individual is not challenged in her or his work, and may be subject to periods of boredom or periods of fatigue stemming from boredom. Job underload may also create higher levels of anxiety, depression, and physical illness than job overload. Alienation has also been related to the development of occupational stress (Garfield, 1995). Alienation is especially harmful to effective organizational communications. Alienation with respect to occupational stress is defined as an objective social situation that exists independent of its recognition by those in that situation (Garfield, 1995, p. 115). Such a definition of a stressor means that it could have an impact whether or not those individuals working in that environment perceived its presence in the environment. The definition also infers that stress-creating events or situations may be viewed as being inherent in specific occupations or tasks. Further, the definition infers that stress-outcomes may not always be controllable by individuals exposed to stressors. Job Burn-Out A concept closely associated with occupational stress is job burn-out. The term is frequently used in connection with all so-called high-pressure occupations. Job burnout actually has been found to be present in all occupations, regardless of whether or not the occupation is a so-called high-pressure occupation (Maslack, 1997). Job burnout is held to result from the combined effects of work-related factors that create unrelieved work stress, which, in turn, leads to a generally debilitated psychological condition in individuals. Certain behaviors associated with job burnout have been observed in a wide variety of occupations. These behaviors include a tendency on the part of an individual to blame others in an organization for one's own problems, increased absenteeism, increased involvement in interpersonal conflicts and confrontation, and increasing isolation from others in the organization (Maslack, 1997). Individuals suffering from job burnout frequently attempt to remove themselves from the situations they perceive to be the source of their problems without actually terminating their jobs. Their strategies in such attempts involve a breakdown in communication, and are often damaging to both their organizations and to their own careers. Recommendations for Stress Management There are many approaches managers and supervisors can take to prevent occupational stress. However, any attempt made by management to institute a stress prevention program would constitute the first step in the process: identifying the problem. Several remedies to the stress-communication problem include listening by the managers, creating teams to deal with the organizational communication problems, and mediation. Managers should always ensure that the workload is in line with the workers capabilities and resources. They should also design jobs to provide meaning, stimulation, and opportunities for workers to use their skills. Along with these essential steps, the workers roles and responsibilities should always be clearly defined. Improving communication is another critical step in preventing occupational stress. If workers are given the opportunity to participate in decisions and actions affecting their jobs, uncertainty about career development and security may be reduced. Work schedules that are compatible with demands and responsibilities outside the job should also be established. In conclusion, building general awareness about occupational stress is the first step in prevention. Securing top management commitment and support for the program will only lend to more positive results. Reduction in occupational stress is a worthwhile time investment for managers and supervisors, as it will only stand to improve productivity, morale, and overall organizational climate. Bibliography Garfield, J. (1995). Social stress and medical ideology. Stress and Survival, 3. 111-134. Gilberg, K.R. (1993, April). Open communications provide key to good employee relations. Supervision, 54 (4). [EBSCOhost). University of Phoenix Online Collection. Available: http://ehost.epnet.com: (2000, September 16). Knotts, T. (1996, July 8). Workplace stress doesnt have to kill you. Business Journal Serving Fresno & the Central San Joaquin Valley, 322013. [EBSCOhost]. University of Phoenix Online Collection. Available: http://ehost.epnet.com: (2000, September 16). Maslack, C. (1997). The truth about burnout: How organizations cause personal stress and what to do about it. San Francisco: Jossey-Bass. Randolfi, E. (1996, December 12-13). Stress management evaluation [online]. Available: http://imt.net/~randolfi/StressMgtEval.html: (2000, September 14). Schaubroeck, J., & Ganster, D.C. (1993, Spring). A field experiment testing supervisory role clarification. Personnel Psychology, 46 (1). [EBSCOhost). University of Phoenix Online Collection. Available: http://ehost.epnet.com: (2000, September 16). 
PUBLIC COMPANIES Public Companies are those which are listed on the stock exchange. The public may buy and sell shares in them. A public company will have the word 'limited' after the company name (usually abbreviated to Ltd). Characteristics The characteristics of a public company are that they are limited by shares and have limited liability. 'Limited by shares' means that shares in the company can be bought and sold freely (shares are featured in the stock-exchange). While 'limited liability' mean that in the event of company failure e.g. bankruptcy, the financial responsibility of the individual shareholders is restricted to the face value of his/her shares. In other words personal assets cannot be touched. Another characteristic of a public company is the Limited or Ltd after the companies name. It distinguishes between public and private companies clearly. Process involved in setting up In order to set up a public Company, 5 or more people need to follow the procedure stated in the Company Law Review Act 1998. That is, they need to fill out form 201 (refer to Appendix 1) from the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC). This form contains particulars of the initial members, office holders and office addresses. In the past, companies had to have a memorandum and Articles of Association. Now, they may need either a single set of rules known as a 'constitution' or have no constitution and rely on basic rules of internal management set out in the law known as 'Replaceable rules'. These rules can be replaced by a constitution at any time, hence it's name. When a company is registered ASIC issues the company with a unique nine-digit number called the Australian Company Number (ACN). After the issuing of the ACN number, the company is officially registered as a Public Company. The operation of a public company has it's advantages and it's disadvantages due to it's function and it's influences from it's external environment. Advantages J The shareholders have limited liability J The company has perpetual succession (if the main owner dies, their shares can be sold to other people or his/her nominated succession). J Shares are easily bought and sold on the stock exchange. J Finance can be easily arranged. J The management normally has a large degree or experience and expertise in a variety of fields. J It is a legal entity. Disadvantages L Government regulations effect company activity L There are usually limits placed on the power of the board of directors. L Companies can be expensive to maintain and organise. L the ease with which shares can be bought and sold may sometimes be a disadvantage because if every shareholder sells their shares, due to an unstable period in the economy, the value of the company will decline. Cessation Cessation of a public company means that the company stops trading. One reason a company may stop trading is because it can not pay it debts. It is the liquidated which means it's assets are distributed to it's shareholders according to the number of shares each person has. Sometimes, when the company has difficulty paying it's debts, the courts may appoint a receiver to decide if the business should continue to trade or close it down. The receiver is an independent manager, usually an accountant. Bibliography business and accounting By Pat Whoo Copyright 1997 
Why the Wall Street Bubble Must Burst? In 1938, and in the teeth of the longest and fiercest depression that the United States had ever known, capital spending hit an all time high. That&#8217;s right! In 1938 the men who owned America began to pour millions of Dollars into new plant and equipment as if there was no tomorrow. We don&#8217;t think much about it today, because it has been a long time since the United States has experienced a real bone jolting economic slowdown. The fact is, however, that the very best time for the industrialist to invest in new technologies is in the middle of a depression. This is because it is at such times that labor, raw materials, and new equipment can be purchased at rock bottom prices. Henry Ford may have jumped the gun a bit. He shut down his River Rouge plant for two years starting in 1932 so that it could be completely rebuilt. Being a bit of a genius, Ford used his time and money to redesign the plant to create one of the most powerful little engines ever built: the Ford V8. This engine was so good that it was modified only slightly to equip certain aircraft for use in World War II. It also powered a series of red hot Ford cars all the way through the 1950s. At the same time that Ford was rebuilding his River Rouge plant, Joseph Alois Schumpeter, an Austrian economist who had migrated to Harvard University, was hard at work on a book that would explain the paradox suggested above, namely the timing of business cycles and technological change. In this all but forgotten work one of our most famous economists spelled out the secrets of the business cycle, that is the same old pattern of boom and bust that may be coming back to haunt us now. Many, if not most, American college students know Schumpeter's name because of his work in defense of free enterprise called Capitalism, Socialism, and Democracy. This was not, however, the book that Schumpeter was working on as America slogged through the mean and hungry 1930s. The book published by Schumpeter in 1939 is called Business Cycles: A Theoretical, Historical, and Statistical Analysis of the Capitalist Process. Not only is Schumpeter's definitive two volume study of the business cycle not on college reading lists today, but, indeed, it continues to languish in its first edition. The embarrassing truth is that Schumpeter's real masterpiece remains almost unread. The present writer checked out this forgotten work from one of our leading university research libraries to discover that Schumpeter's book had been borrowed only a total of fourteen times in the nearly four decades from June 1961 to the present! There are probably two reasons for this. In the first place, Schumpeter's magnum opus on the business cycle came out on the eve of the Second World War. As the dark clouds of war began to cast their shadow over Europe, Asia, and eventually the United States, economists (and everyone else) clearly had more pressing concerns. Not only that, but it was also clear to Americans that the US Army would soon take care of the problems of excess supply being experienced in the labor market. It was also quite obvious to everyone that the factories were about to start humming again, this time to produce for war. After the conflict, of course, and all the way through the 1970s, it was widely believed that the business cycle had been repealed by means of the clever economic manipulations suggested by the British Lord John Maynard Keynes. College kids in the halcyon 1960s were taught by their professors that the economy was not one of scarcity, but, rather, of endless abundance. The Great Society had arrived. Keynesian economics was in its glory days. This new body of thought and practice was one of the British Empire's last and most influential exports. If Keneysianism had, indeed, hung the business cycle by the neck until dead, then the only decent thing to do was to bury the corpse. Schumpeter's text, unfortunately, was placed alongside the remains of business cycle it its tomb. Some things, however, will not simply and decently die. They come back to haunt you. Do you remember platform shoes? They should have expired peacefully in about 1973, but just take a look at your teen age daughter! Some fifty years later, there are those who, like the present writer, appear to suspect that the business cycle, too, is back. The highly respected Investors' Business Daily recently devoted a full-length front page article to the following shocking idea: Ominous Parallels To Late 1920s? Then As Now: Roaring Stocks, Deflation, Stingy Feds. If what the IBD is worried about turns out to be true, the American economy could be in for hard times again! If this happens, our somewhat lazy academic economists might find it worthwhile to check Schumpeter's book out of the library a little more often. What they will find there is briefly explained in the following . If Schumpeter's historical and economic analysis is correct, we are sliding down the long back side of what is called a Kondratieff wave and picking up speed as we head towards the trough. What will be required to start marching up the other side and back into prosperity, according to Schumpeter, is a period of creative destruction. During this unpleasant period the fictitious values of the boom (like an overpriced stock market ) are destroyed. It is at such times that capitalists finally go to work and invest in new technologies to power us out of the depression that almost always occurs. In previous economic crises, such as the period of the late 1920s that the Investor's Business Daily has so convincingly evoked for us, the process of creative destruction was initiated by bizarre public and official behaviors. This included stock manias, economic panics, bank runs, Fed jawboning, and stock market crashes. Does any of this sound familiar? Schumpeter inherited the idea that there is a long a-periodic economic cycle governing all of this from an unfortunate Russian called Kondratieff. We&#8217;ll call him K for short. K's article on what he called long waves came out in 1926. Not much later K perished in one of Stalin's brutal purges, probably for having above average intelligence. Schumpeter speaks of Kondratieff's long wave very approvingly and discusses it together with two observed business cycles of shorter duration called the Juglar and the Kitchin cycles after the statisticians who described them. Schumpeter believed that there were &#8230;six Juglars to a Kondratieff and three Kitchins to a Juglar- not as an average but in every individual case (pp.173-174). Having lived through nine years of economic crisis by the time his book was published, Schumpeter believed that the Great Depression happened because the end points of all three of these fluctuations occurred at the same time (p. 173). Juglar and Kitchin cycles have been pretty much forgotten today. The Kondratieff long wave, however, still excites interest among cycle buffs, perhaps because it fits in so nicely with what we know about economic history. All three of the patterns pointed out by Schumpeter, on the other hand, have one very important element in common. The Kitchin, the Juglar, and the Kondratieff are all based on the timing of technological change (or what the economic historians call innovation) as it occurs within the free market system. The Kondratieff is easier to see because it fits in with the most obvious moments in the development of the industrialism in its dynamic relationship with free enterprise. The first Kondratieff, Schumpeter says, was the Industrial Revolution itself which lasted from about the 1780s through 1842. The era that followed (1842-1897) was, according to Schumpeter, the age of steam and steel. The third Kondratieff was based on electricity, chemistry, and motors, and was ongoing when Schumpeter was working on his masterpiece (p.170). These periods of growth and expansion saw ever increasing productive and financial power in the industrializing countries and were punctuated by episodes of economic crisis in every case. If the IBD has called it correctly, we might be entering such an era of economic crisis once again. The key to the picture is the long- term behavior of prices in general and commodity prices in particular. The short form of the argument is as follows: when prices go into long periods of decline, look out! The logic of the long wave idea is not complex. Long wave theorists believe that innovation in the world of production and management happens not as a series of single events, but as a related set of changes all simultaneously affecting one another. Those of us who have lived through the computer revolution can see the logic of this in our own lives. Take computers (or as the stand up comic guy might say Please take computers!). No sooner did you get a simple PC for a little word processing and maybe to balance your checkbook, than it was obsolete. The reason was that, not many months after you bought it, you found out you needed something called a modem. Then you noticed that your original software was already archaic, ineffective, and slow: six months after you bought it. A few short years later, everything you see and hear off from an overheated stock market to the problems of the E-traders is about telecommunications. Telecommunications, it turns out includes the computer you now own which is ten thousand times more powerful and about half the price of the first one you bought not so very long ago! The total complex of innovations and interconnections that has taken place in cyberspace in the last two or three years has happened so fast that you may already feel like a dinosaur. This can be especially true when your pre-teen comes up to you and starts whining about something called bandwidth. All of the eras of intense technological change mentioned by Schumpeter as the basis of K&#8217;s long wave were like this. The first of the Kondratieff waves, according to Schumpeter was due to industrialization itself. Schumpeter refers to the waves that followed as based on railroadization, electrification, and motorization(p.167). To follow out Schumpeter's logic here we would call the era that we have been living through the era of computerization. Of course, our era is not over yet. In fact, some people believe that the era of computerization has hardly begun; especially those people who are paying several hundred times earnings for those high flying Internet stocks. The question you should be asking by now is Why does there have to be a down segment of the long wave? Why can't things just keep going up? Schumpeter's answer to this question occupies the best part of the five hundred plus pages that make up the second volume of his major work. In a short form of words, however, Schumpeter's position can be simply explained as follows. Industry produces two kinds of goods: consumer goods and producer goods. The production of consumer goods (in other words what the economist calls capital goods) dominates the upswing. This inevitably leads to increases in the amounts of consumer goods being produced as the new capital goods create wealth more efficiently. This is, indeed, where the problem lies, namely, with the new producer goods that created prosperity in the first place! As Schumpeter puts it: In general, however, new products will be released as prosperity wears on, their impact being part of the mechanism that eventually turns prosperity into recession(p.502). This is where we came in! That is, with the clarion call of the Investors' Business Daily and their concern to the effect that the period we are living through looks an awful lot like the Roaring &#8216;Twenties. The period of the 1920s saw both declining prices in basic commodities and a stock mania on Wall Street . According to the IBD it also saw the endless jawboning of a certain Mr. Young who was at the What seems to happen at the top of the long wave is that the effects of innovation spread out like ripples in a pool and eventually involve almost all firms in the economy. When this takes place the profit picture for each individual firm changes. As more and more companies incorporate the new technology, profit rates are less and less exciting to each of those companies and to the people who own them. Owners of capital who are not making the kind of money that they enjoyed during the upswing decide to sit things out until better times come along. Technically, they withdraw capital from production. Consequently, the demand for raw materials normally used in production (ie, basic commodities) also declines. This demand side weakness ushers in a long period of declining prices, business failures, and, paradoxically, a stock market that becomes overheated as capital is switched from productive to speculative uses. This was, more or less, what was going on in the late 1920s. A certain Mr. Young was Chairman of The Federal Reserve Bank of the United States at the time. Compared to Mr. Young, who snarled about stock speculators and how he was going to hang them from the yardarm, current Fed Chairman Mr. Alan Greenspan looks like a nice guy. Like his unfortunate predecessor, however, Mr. Greenspan is also trying to jawbone the markets out of their madness or what he calls their irrational exuberance. As far as prices are concerned, as in the 1920s, international prices in basic commodities have been down, down, down especially in agriculture. Soybeans are currently at a 27 year low and it is unlikely that silver could be produced at prices recorded for this precious metal in the futures market. The only significant commodity that has recovered its' price level recently is petroleum and we probably have OPEC and its occasional effectiveness as a cartel to thank for this. The IBD is right. The period we are living through is very much like the late 1920s. We have declining prices in basic commodities. We have non-stop merger activity, some of it in clear contravention of the laws on the books (has anyone here ever heard of the Sherman Anti-Trust Act?). We also have a stock market which seems to have gone wacko. This is because declining commodities prices and poor business conditions elsewhere in the world has caused foreign capital to flow into Wall Street for a speculative holiday. This is probably the real reason that stock prices have been on a rampage for the last few years. Meanwhile, the United States has shouldered a trade deficit that is, quite simply, off the charts. It used to be that when a country imported several hundred Billion Dollars worth of goods more than it exported in the course of a year that country's currency would suffer. Now it doesn't seem to matter, but some people are suspicious anyway. What will happen if old habits in the currency markets re-assert themselves and somebody mounts a speculative attack against the Dollar next Monday morning? In addition to a runaway trade deficit, Americans have the largest negative savings rate in the world. It makes us look prosperous, since many households are having a lovely time living on credit, but the reality is that the Dollar is increasingly backed by negative capital, in this case by consumer debt. Thus, if it weren&#8217;t for these massive inflows of capital from abroad, the Dollar might look pretty shaky. When Mr. Greenspan, looks at this situation he gets scared and its hard to blame him. Like Young before him, Alan Greenspan has been attempting to deflate the Wall Street bubble, not because he doesn't want us all to become rich, but because he is alarmed by the potential instability of the situation. Hence, the jawboning. Jawboning is a nanny-like lecturing of markets that never works, as Charles P.Kindleberger points out in his masterful Manias, Panics, and Crashes: A History of Financial Crises. The market has been shrugging off Greenspan's lectures for years now. Not only has no one listened to the jawboning, but also until recently ever larger quantities of cash have been flowing into mutual funds via pension plans despite the worst things that Alan Greenspan could say or imply. Thus, the little guy, too, can enjoy prosperity; on the proceeds of his life savings! Forty percent of American households now participate in the stock market through their retirement plans. A lot of people have been making a lot of money the easy way. It is unlikely, therefore, that Greenspan will talk this market down. It is much more likely that some sort of destabilizing force will affect things from the outside. The underlying cause of depressions , as Schumpeter explains in Business Cycles, is the long term movement of prices generated by long waves of technological change. What goes up has to come back down. There are those who believe that Greenspan would bring down this bull market gently if he could. Certainly he has tried. It is unlikely that Greenspan&#8217;s gentle jawboning will do this, however, since, as Kindleberger points out, when investors are going hog wild in an inflationary stock market they are simply not willing to listen to reason from the lips of central bankers and their like. From Schumpeter's point of view, the underlying cause of the next market crash, would simply be that the long wave of prosperity that began in 1938 is now over. According to Kindleberger's careful history mentioned above the speculative bubble in many past economic crises has often burst as the result of some purely exogenous event. If an army somewhere loses a battle, for example, markets crash as investors run for the exits. The IBD closes its' provocative article mentioned above by suggesting that the infamous Y2K bug might just play the role of the required exogenous force here. Let&#8217;s hope that they are wrong for once! 
What Computer Skills Do Employers Expect From Recent College Graduates? Philip Davis, Instructional Technology Librarian Cornell University Ithaca, N.Y. Table of Contents Cornell University 2 Cornell Library Conducts Study 2 Research Methodology 3 A Review of the Results 3 Rankings, Groupings, and Correlations 4 Ranking Computer Skills: 4 Grouping Computer Skills: 4 Other Computer Skills 4 Comments From Employers 5 Variability of Employment 5 Communication Skills 5 Adaptability 6 What Do These Results Mean? 6 Why is this research important for librarians? 7 What Computer Skills Do Employers Expect From Recent College Graduates? Philip Davis, Instructional Technology Librarian Cornell University Ithaca, N.Y. The university is responsible for graduating students with the skills necessary to thrive and lead in a rapidly changing technological environment. Meanwhile corporate leaders are putting more emphasis on recruiting individuals with an understanding of computers and information systems. A nationwide survey by the Olsten Corp of 1,481 management systems executives found that computer literacy requirements for all job levels increased dramatically over a three-year period in the early nineties. However, another survey by HR Focus of 20 human resource executives found a lack of computer-literacy skills in recent college graduates. Cornell Library Conducts Study Cornell University's Albert R. Mann Library has a formal instruction program that reaches nearly 1,000 participants in over 60 hands-on computer workshops per semester. Workshop topics cover bibliographic research techniques, Internet searching principles, database searching skills, word Processing, Spreadsheets, and information management. Classes are supplemented by several online tutorials. Descriptions of these classes and tutorials are located at http://www.mannlib.cornell.edu/workshops/. The purpose of our research was to identify the computer skills employers felt were necessary when recruiting recent Cornell graduates. The results of this study were part of a larger evaluation of computing across the curriculum in the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences. This study was also used as a tool to evaluate our library's instruction program, and provided us with a comparison to a 1990 survey of employers, faculty advisors and graduates in the school of Agricultural Economics. Research Methodology Corporations who regularly visit the Cornell campus to recruit graduating students were our focus population. Our questionnaire was designed to gather information on five categories of computer literacy skill: 1)Creating Documents and Multimedia, 2) Working with Computer Programs, 3) Managing Databases, 4) Manipulating Numeric Data, 5) Computer Networks, a five-point scale was used to indicate competency levels. Of the 300 questionnaires mailed, 150 returned with usable responses. A Review of the Results Generally employers have a high expectation of computer literacy in recent college graduates (Figure 1). A total of 125 (83.3%) indicated that computer competency skills are either important or very important in the hiring decision. Within the Documents and Multimedia section, Word Processing (Figure 2) ranked the highest, with 144 (96%0 of employers expecting at least basic word processing skills. The majority of recruiters (97 or 67%) responded not relevant or none to Desktop Publishing Skills (Figure 3), whereas the re was a clustering of 41 respondents (112 or 75%) wanted at least basic Graphics or Presentation Software Skills (Figure 4). Lastly, the majority of employers did not consider Creating Internet Documents (Figure 5) very important, as 105 (70%) considered this skill not relevant, or would be willing to train. From the Working With Computer Programs section, employers showed a discrepancy in expecting the ability to install or upgrade software (Figure 6). Whereas, 61 (41%) respondents were seeking basic skills, 46 (31%) respondents indicated that this particular skill was not relevant. Ninety-four (64%) employers were looking for at least basic skills to create or modify programs or macros for individual use (Figure 7). The majority of respondents (67%) indicated that the ability to create commercial software (Figure 8) was not relevant to the job; however, for those who responded favorably, 21 (14%) were expecting either intermediate or advanced skills. Skills from the Managing Databases section scored slightly lower, with basic database entry and editing skills (Figure 9) coming out highest in this group-122 (83%) respondents expected at least basic skills. Generally Numeric Data skills (and specifically spreadsheet skills ) scored very highly as a group. Even the ability to perform detailed analysis (Figure 10) was expected by 86% of respondents. Lastly, employers responded very favorably to Computer Network skills (Figure 11). An overwhelming majority (93%) expected e-mail experience, and 63.3% expected competency with online and Internet searching. The Other category comprised open responses that included network configurations and network software. Rankings, Groupings, and Correlations Ranking Computer Skills: Figure 12 provides an overview of how all computer literacy skills are ranked with respect to one another. Scores were calculated for each skill weighing responses and correcting for missing data. The maximum score for any skill was 100, given to word processing. Grouping Computer Skills: Correlation analysis was performed on the data with the goal of presenting an overview of how computer competency skills are related to one another. The correlation matrix (Figure 13) easily identifies pockets of significant correlation (high correlation indicated by dark cells). Question numbers are indicated along the X and Y axes. Most skills were significantly and positively related to each other. Individual skills were highly correlated within each functional group (Figure 13). This was especially so within the Computer Programs (3), Managing Databases (4), and Numeric Data (5) categories, but less so within Creating Documents and Multimedia (2) category. The importance of computer skills (question 1), was significantly correlated with most skills (Figure 13), with higher emphasis on Internet Documents (2e), Installing software (3a), Modifying programs or macros (3b) and Writing documentation for computer programs (3e).Word processing (2a) was highly correlated with basic and intermediate spreadsheet competency (5a, 5b, 5c ). Graphics/presentation skills (2c) was also highly correlated with spreadsheet skills (5a-5e). Basic and intermediate computer programming skills (3a, 3b, 3c) were highly correlated with most database management skills (4a-4e), numerical analysis (5e) and mathematical modeling (5f). Lastly, database management skills (4a-4e) were highly correlated with advanced numeric data skills (5e, 5f, 5g), which include statistical analysis, mathematical modeling and geographic information systems (GIS). Other Computer Skills Many employers used the Other Computer Skills open-ended question to list specific languages, programs or skills (Table 1). Those listing programming skills overwhelmingly mentioned C or C++ as a language. Respondents listing specific operating systems made high reference to UNIX and DOS/Windows platforms. Excluding word-processing and spreadsheet skills (which were analyzed in more detail in other parts of the questionnaire), Computer Aided Design (CAD) skills were listed most frequently. Comments From Employers The last open question solicited comments. Of the 43 responses, most comments included recruiting preferences and anecdotes. Variability of Employment Several of the respondents remarked that the questionnaire was difficult to fill out since they recruit for different positions in various departments: Computer skill expectations vary depending on the department one joins. One recruiter even concluded that computer-skill requirement varies by engineering discipline. Many employers agreed that computer literacy is important to all, and that if a student graduates without any [skills], he/she will have a distinct disadvantage in the workforce. Lacking these skills would not exclude most college graduates from the job market, however, the more skills they exhibit, the more attractive they would be to potential employers. Communication Skills though this study looked only at computer competency, basic literary skills are the foundation for technical skills. One recruiter remarked that writing skills are extremely vital, even in a technical organization. In consulting organizations, oral presentation skills are vital, even at the most junior levels. Another added that recent college graduates must be able to communicate clearly-both written and verbal [and be able] to think clearly and creatively. Problem-Solving Skills veral recruiters commented on the importance of basic problem-solving skills. One wrote that it is not as important that a graduate know a lot of programs or know programming as much as it is needed for students to be computer [literate] and grasp concepts that can be applied to many situations across programs. Another recruiter would rather hire a logical, mathematically minded candidate who can think their way through applications. Still, one recruiter advised that it is not enough to list the skill on a resume. The candidate must demonstrate that they have used the skill to solve problems. They must be able to apply knowledge and expertise to a problem and then solve it using computer skills. Adaptability As the tools rapidly change, students today must be quick to learn as well as eager to do so, remarked one respondent. Although tools change, computer skills are transferable. For new employees, some larger companies offer a training program to provide the candidates who may be lacking in computer skills the opportunity to be brought up to speed to function in a department. One respondent even acknowledged that computer skills are criteria used in our career planning system to promote employees. What Do These Results Mean? Although this study has helped us understand the kinds and proficiencies of computer skills sought by recruiters, we need to speculate further on what the results mean to Cornell. This study represents a static picture or snap-shot of what employers are looking for today; it does not predict what employers will be looking for in four years time when our new group of freshman graduate. We were surprised to see that creating documents for the Internet was ranked last out of 23 skills; however, industry experts might predict that this skill will become as important as basic word processing in the next few years. This study also assumes that there is a core set of computer skills that each student should possess upon graduation would be a gross oversimplification to conclude that all entry-level positions, from customer service representative to systems analysts, require the same set of computer skills. Although the study did not compare colleges, Geissler and Horridge did note a significant difference at Texas Tech University. From the standpoint of a college, however, a minimum required set of computer skills may be appropriate to standardize over the curriculum. A 1995 survey by the American Association of State Colleges indicated that 22% of state colleges and universities require computer literacy of all graduates. The most common solution was to require a survey course covering word processing, spreadsheets, database management principles and introductory Internet navigation. Can we test for computer proficiency in the same way that we test for language and math proficiency? Previously published studies have used questionnaires. However there is currently a lack of literature on computer-aided exams. Can we assume that students will arrive at the university already with sufficient computer literacy skills? A study of freshman at East Carolina University concluded that library and information skills taught in high school had little effect on students entering college. Another study of 193 undergraduates at East Carolina University indicated that students had studied a wide variety of software in their previous schooling, but had forgotten most of them by their senior year. That study also observed that students tend to overestimate their computer skills. For employers, this can be problematic, since the majority do not give any kind of competency test to job applicants. Why is this research important for librarians? It is the responsibility of the university to graduate students who have the body of information management skills actively sought by corporate recruiters. As information management professionals, librarians are in a premier position to teach theses skills. While information management skills are taught to some extent by faculty as part of their classes, librarians are in a unique position to construct a curriculum whose purpose is to teach these skills both incrementally, and as part of a comprehensive instruction program. Bibliography: AASCU (1995), On the Bring:Report on the Use of Management of Information Technology at AASCU Institutions, Washington, DC: American Association of State Colleges and universities. Arzy, Marsha r. (1992), Analysis of Necessary Computer Skills for Entry-Level Office Workers, masters thesis, Eastern Montana college, (ED360484). Baker, Ronald L. (1990), A Comprehensive Integrated Computing curriculum for End-Users, Education and Computing, 6(1-2), pp. 47-53. Brown, Bob & Diane Kester (1993), College Students and computers (ED366291). Curtis, P. A. & et al. (1986), Measuring comptuer Literacy in colleges of Agriculture: Results, conclusions and Implications, college Station, TX: Texas A&M University, Dept. of Agricultural Economics, (ED286474). Geisler, Jayne e. & Patricia Horridge (1993), University Students' Computer Knowledge and Commitment to Learning, Journal of Research on computing in Education, 25(3), pp. 347-365. Kanter, Jerry (1993a), Computer Skills are More Critical, But Training Lags, HR Focus, 70(5), p.18. Kanter, Jerry (1993b), Training and Testing for Computer Skills Lag, Supervision, 54(12), p. 6. Kanter, Jerry (1996), Guidelines for attaining Information Literacy, Information Strategy: The Executives Journal, 12(3), pp. 6-11. Kester, D. (1994), Secondary School Library and Informatipn Skills: Are they transferred from high school to college? Reference Librarian, 44, pp. 9-17. Monk, David, Philip Davis, Don Peasley, Peter Hillman & Paul Yarbrough (1996), Meeting the Needs of CALS Students for computing Capabilities: Final Report of the Ad Hoc Committee on college of Agriculture and Life Sciences Student Computer Competencies, Ithaica, NY: Cornell University (in process). Ochs, Mary &et al. (1991), Assessing the Value of an Information Literacy Program, Ithaca, NY: Cornell University, Albert R. Mann Library (ED340385). Rohlf, F.J. & RR Sokal (1969), Statistical Tables, 3rd Edition, New York, NY: WH Freeman. Stephens, Derek & Fytton Rowland (1993), Initial IT Training in Departments of Information and Library Studeies in the British Isles: A Survey of Student Views, Education for Information, 11(3), pp. 189-204. Thompson, Curt & Bob Smith (1992), Are College Graduates Missing the Corporate Boat, HR Focus, 69(4), p.23/ Von Holzen, roger Lee & Robert V. Price (1990), Five Year Trends in Computer Students' Attitudes and Skill Levels, (ED333860). Bibliography None 
On September 28, 1998, Chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Arthur Levitt sounded the call to arms in the financial community. Levitt asked for, immediate and coordinated action to assure credibility and transparency of financial reporting. Levitts speech emphasized the importance of clear financial reporting to those gathered at New York University. Reporting which has bowed to the pressures and tricks of earnings management. Levitt specifically addresses five of the most popular tricks used by firms to smooth earnings. Secondly, Levitt outlines an eight part action plan to recover the integrity of financial reporting in the U.S. market place. What are the basic objectives of financial reporting? Generally accepted accounting principles provide information that identifies, measures, and communicates financial information about economic entities to reasonably knowledgeable users. Information that is a source of decision making for a wide array of users, most importantly, by investors and creditors. Investors and creditors who are responsible for effective allocation of capital in our economy. If financial reporting becomes obscure and indecipherable, society loses the benefits of effective capital allocation. Nothing illustrates the importance of transparent information better than the pre-1930s era of anything goes accounting. An era that left a chasm of misinformation in the market. A chasm that was a contributing factor to the market collapse of 1929 and the years of economic depression. An entire society suffered the repercussions of misinformation. Families, and retirees depend on the credibility of financial reporting for their futures and livelihoods. Levitt describes financial reporting as, a bond between the company and the investor which if damaged can have disastrous, long-lasting consequences. Once again, the bond is being tested. Tested by a financial community fixated on consensus earnings estimates. The pressure to achieve consensus estimates has never been so intense. The market demands consistency and punishes those who come up short. Eric Benhamou, former CEO of 3COM Corporation, learned this hard lesson over a few short weeks in 1996. Benhamou and shareholders lost $7 billion in market value when 3COM failed to achieve expectations. The pressures are a tangled web of expectations, and conflicts of interest which Levitt describes as almost self-perpetuating. With pressures mounting, the answer from U.S. managers has been earnings management with a mix of managed expectations. March of 1997 Fortune magazine reported that for an unprecedented sixteen consecutive quarters, more S&P 500 companies have beat the consensus earnings estimate than missed them. The sign of a quickly growing economy and a measure of the importance the market has placed on consensus earnings estimates. The singular emphasis on earnings growth by investors has opened the door to earnings management solutions. Solutions that are further being reinforced to managers by market forces and compensation plans. Primarily, managers jobs depend on their ability to build stockholder equity, and ever more importantly their own compensation. A growing number of CEOs are recieving greater percentages of their compensation as stock options. A very personal incentive for executive achievement of consensus earnings estimates. Companies are not the only ones to feel the squeeze. Analysts are being pressured by large institutional investors and companies seeking to manage expectations. Everyone is seeking the win. Auditors are being accused of being out to lunch, with the clients. Many accounting firms are coming under scrutiny as some of their clients are being investigated by the SEC for irregularities in their practice of accounting. Cendant and Sunbeam both left accounting giant Arthur Anderson holding a big olbag full of unreported accounting irregularities. Auditors from BDO Seidman addressed issues of GAAP with Thing New Ideas company. The Changes were made and BDO was replace for no specific reason. Herb Greenberg calls the episode, A reminder that the company being audited also pays the auditors bill. The Kind of conflict of interests that leads us to question the idea of how independent the auditors are. All of these pressures allow questionable accounting practices to obfuscate the reporting process. Generally accepted accounting principles are intended to be a guide, not a procedure. They have been developed with intended flexibility so as not to hinder the advancement of new and innovative business practice. Flexibility that has left plenty of room for companies to stretch the boundaries of GAAP. Levitt focuss on five of the most widespread techniques used to deliver added flexibility. Big Bath restructuring charges, creative acquisition accounting, Cookie Jar reserves, Immaterial misapplications of accounting principles and the premature recognition of revenues. These practices do not specifically violate the letter of the law, but are gimmicks that ignore the spirit and intentions of GAAP. Gimmicks, according to Levitt, that are an erosion in the quality of earnings and therefore the quality of financial reporting. No longer is this just a problem perceived in small corporations struggling for recognition. Throughout the financial community, companies big and small are using these tools to smooth earnings and maximize market capitalization. The Big Bath restructuring charge is the wiping away of years of future expenses and charging them in the current period. A practice that paves the way to easy future earnings growth by allowing future expenses to be absorbed by restructuring liabilities. Large one time charges that will be ignored by analysts and the financial community through a little convincing and notation. In note fifteen of the Coca-Cola companys 1998 annual report shows seven nonrecurring items from the past three years. Fours of these charges are restructuring charges, most significantly in 1996 in this note. In 1996, we recorded provisions of approximately $276 million in selling, administrative and general expenses related to our plans for strengthening our world wide system. Of this $276 million, approximately $130 million related to streamlining our operations, primarily in Greater Europe and Latin America. These one time write-offs become virtually insignificant footnotes to the financial reporting process. Extraordinary charges that are becoming unusually common. Kodak has taken six extraordinary charges since 1991 and Coca-Cola has taken four in two years. The financial community has to wonder how unusual these charges are. Creative acquisition accounting is what Levitt calls Merger Magic. With the increasing number of mergers in the 90s, companies have created another one time charge to avoid future earnings drags. The in-process research and development charge allows companies to minimize the premium paid on the acquisition of a company. A premium that would otherwise be capitalized as goodwill: and depreciated over a number of years. Depreciation expenses that have an impact on future earnings. This one time charge allowed WorldCom to minimize the capitalization of goodwill and avoid $100 million a year in depreciation expenses for many years. A charge hiding in this complex note on WorldComs 1996 annual financial statement. (1) Results for 1996 include a $2.14 billion charge for in-process research and development related to the MFS merger. The charge is based upon a valuation analysis of the technologies of MFS worldwide information system, the internet network expansion system of UUNET, and certain other identified research and development projects purchased in the MFS merger. The expense includes $1.6 billion associated with UUNET and $0.54 billion related to MFS. (2) Additionally, 1996 results include other after-tax charges of $121 million for employee severance, employee compensation charges, alignment charges, and costs to exit unfavorable telecommunications contracts and $343.5 million after-tax write-down of operating assets within the companys non-core businesses. On a pre-tax basis, these charges totaled $600.1 million. The dollar amounts are staggering and the future implications far reaching. Since this approach was introduced by IBM in 1995 these charges have become commonplace for acquisition accounting. A popularity, largely due to the level of room allowed in research and development estimations. The Third earnings manipulation tool discussed by Levitt is what he calls Miscellaneous Cookie Jar Reserves. The technique involves liability and other accrual accounts specifically sensitive to accounting assumptions and estimates. These accounts can include sales returns, loan losses, warranty costs, allowance for doubtful accounts, expectations of goods to be returned and a host of others. Under the auspices of conservatism, these accounts can be used to store accruals of future income. Restructuring liabilities created by Big Bath charges also provides these Cookie jar reserve effect. Jack Ciesielski, who manages money and writes the Analysts Accounting Observer, calls these accounts the accounting equivalent of turning lead into gold a virtual honeypot for making rainy-day adjustments. Various adjustments and entries that can produce almost any desired results in the pursuit of consistency. The statement of financial accounting concepts No. 2 (FASB, May 1980), defines materiality as: The magnitude of an omission or misstatement of accounting information that, in light of surrounding circumstances, makes it probable that the judgement of a reaonable person relying on the information would have been changed or influenced by the omission or misstatement. Todays management has started to ignore this fundamental principle. Materiality is being defined as a range of a few percentage points. Companies defend immaterial omissions by referring to percentage ceilings that draw a line on materiality. The amount falls under our ceiling and is therefore immaterial. The materiality gimmick is one more method companies are using to stretch a nickel into a dime. Simply put, In markets where missing an earnings projection by a penny can result in a loss of millions of dollars in market capitalization, I have a hard time accepting that some of these so-called non-events simply dont matter, says Levitt. Finally, Levitt briefly touches on the complex issue of the manipulation occuring in revenue recognition. Modern contracts, refunding, delaying of sales, up front and initiation fees all add to the complications in some industries to follow specific rules of revenue recognition. With plenty of holes in revenue recognition the door is open for tweaking. Microsoft is a good example of the problems facing todays companies. Concerned with proper revenue recognition, Microsoft started a practice in the software industry that allows companies to recognize revenue over a period of time. This recognition allows for better matching of revenues to future expenses generated by the sale of the software. Expenses such as upgrades and technical support are related to the revenue generated by the sale of the software but are incurred at a later date. The complexities of modern business transactions have left modern standards of accountancy years behind. Gimmicks, that all must be addressed by the financial community. The task of returning integrity to U.S. financial reporting is of paramount importance. The interests of our financial system are at stake. Arthur Levitt and the SEC stand ready to take appropriate action if that interest is not protected. But, a private sector response that obviates the need for public sector dictates seems the wisest choice. A nine part plan that involves the entire financial community is proposed by Levitt. Levitt has made it very clear that the SEC is prepared to start forcing change. A line Levitt hopes will not be necessary to cross. The SEC will begin to issue guidance on a wide array of issues concerning the credibility and transparency of financial reporting. Guidance that must be acted on to Obviate the need for large scale SEC involvement. The SEC will also act more proactively in two of its traditional roles of information regulation and enforcement. First, the SEC will begin requiring companies to provide additional disclosure details on changes in accounting assumptions. Supplemental beginning and ending balances and adjustments of sensitive restructuring liabilities and other loss accruals will also be required. Secondly, the SEC is unleashing the dogs on companies using any practices that appear to be managing earnings. The gauntlet has been thrown, and it is up to the financial community to accept the challenge. FASB and other standard setting bodies have fallen behind a rapidly changing and evolving economic environment. FASB and the AICPA are being coercively encouraged to clean up auditing and disclosure practices. The pressure is on and standard setting bodies are scrambling to close the holes in GAAP. FASB has established committees to investigate a number of concerns and is diligently working toward solutions that obviate. Auditors and the public accounting industry received a good scolding from Levitt. Glaring failures in the auditing process at Sunbeam, Waste Management Inc., and Cendant have put the whole industry at risk of public solutions. The auditors have failed to be the watch dog of investors. It is time to clean up your industry. Criticism by the entire financial community has questioned the auditors, qualifications, methods and their ability to police themselves. Finally Levitt challenges corporate management, and investors to begin a cultural change. Change that resists the pressures to follow the leader in accounting chicanery. Investors are encouraged to set financial standards of integrity and transparency and punish those who depend on illusion and deception. American markets enjoy the confidence of the world. How many half-truths, and how much sleight-of-hand, will it take to tarnish that faith? With the shift away form company run pension plans everyone has become their own personal financial planners. What hangs in the balance is the future of us all. Bibliography Levitt, Arthur. Quality Information: The Lifeblood of Our Markets. Speech, 18 Oct. 1999. Fox, Justin, Searching for Nonfiction in Financial Statements, Fortune 23 Dec. 1996. Adams, Jane B. Remarks. Speech, 9 Dec. 1998. Ciesielski, Jack, More Second Guessing. Barrons. Johnson, Norman S. Recent Developments at the SEC. Speech. 20 August 1999. Fox, Justin. Learning to Play the Earnings Game (And Wallstreet will Love You). Fortune 31 Mar. 1997 Greenberg, Herb, The Auditors are Always Last to Know, Fortune Investor 17 Aug. 1998. Melcher, Richard, Where are the Accountants. Business Week 5 Oct. 1998. Melcher, Richard and Sparks, Debra Earnings Hocus Pocus Business Week 5 Oct. 1998. Bartlett, Sarah, Corporate Earnings: Who Can You Trust Business Week 5 Oct. 1998. Turner, Lynn E. Continuing High Traditions Speech, 5 Nov. 1998. Turner, Lynn E. Remarks Speech, 10 Feb. 1999. Aeppel, Timothy Eatons Earnings Increase but Miss Analysts Forecasts 20 Oct. 1999. Tran, Khanh Excite At Home Posts Quarterly Loss Due to Charges but Meets Estimates 20 Oct. 1999. Bank, David Microsoft Earnings Exceed Expectations 20 Oct. 1999. 
I. In the beginning of the book Alfred was already a drop out of high school and working for Jewish people at a grocery store. He faced some problems with Major because he did not want to go rob the grocery store on Friday night. Major and his click beat him up for that. In the middle of the book Alfred becomes a boxer and his Aunt Pearl does not want him to box because it is dangerous. But Aunt Pearl goes and talks to the reverend about Alfred boxing. The reverend says that she should just let him be that he will grow out of this stage he is going through. Another one is when his friend James became a drug addict and comes to him looking for money to buy drugs. I the end of the book Donatelli do not want Alfred to continue boxing. He said that he does not have the guts to knock someone out. But almost everyone wants him to continue boxing because he has talent. On his third and final boxing match he tries to show Mr. Donatelli that he has the skill to become a contender. II. Alfred was the main character of the book; He went through a lot of stuff throughout the book. His best friend goes to jail and when he gets out he turns into a drug addict. But he is determined to turn him straight. Just like he is determined to be a contender. Mr. Donatelli is a boxing coach that owns his own gym. He is more dedicated to boxing than most people. For instance when Willie Streeter was boxing one time and losing he stopped the match so he would not get hurt. III. The book was definitely first person narrator because it was always Alfred this and Alfred that. I dont think one time the narrator said I. Robert Lipstyle named the book the Contender because Alfred Brooks wanted to be a contender. IV. I think there is some situational irony when Alfred first fought those two boxers. You would think that he would not lose the third match. But in the end he lost really badly to Huddard. I always held hope for Alfred during his last match. V. I think that Alfred is a perfect example of an epic hero. He struggles with a fair amount of stuff like his boxing skills. I first three weeks of training were hard but he stuck it out. Than when he wanted to quit the gym because he did not have the skills. Mr. Donatelli talks him into straying at the gym. One other situation was when James had an addiction to drugs and Alfred did not know how to set him straight. VI. The book had a lot of situations where peer pressure came into play. One time was when Mayor wanted to go rob that grocery store. Another was when James asked for money to go buy drugs. James said it would be his last so Alfred gave him the money. And then when he was going to quit boxing but Mr. Donatelli talks him into staying. VII. And in a certain way, the poll backs up his contention, that despite differences both blacks and Jews see eye-to-eye on some important issues. For example, both groups believe that much more can be done to educate American children about the past sufferings of their peoples, including the Holocaust. About 49 percent of Jews and 72 percent of blacks said the same about teaching about slavery. VII. Boxing skills are rather more wrestling and agility over strength, the Queensberry rules helped to undo the popular image of boxing as a savage, brutal brawl. The new rules prohibited barefisted fighting, wrestling, hugging, hitting opponents while they are helpless, and fighting to the finish. To make it a more enjoyable sport. 
WHAT THE DOCTOR ORDERED Life is a rat race. In order to succeed, one is required to stay in the front of the pack. To lead a happy, loving life, however, one must stop and smell the roses so the meaningful qualities in life don't pass you by. A prime example of a person who overlooks this aspect of life can be found in Mary Shelley's Frankenstein. Through Dr. Frankenstein, Shelley warns readers of the consequences of playing god and allowing business to take you away from the simple pleasures in life. As shown through him, too much knowledge and determination may not be what the doctor ordered. Frankenstein illustrates god-like characteristics by creating a living creature. As a boy he was deeply smitten with the thirst for knowledge (22), and obtained an eager desire to learn (23). This dedication and love for science he pursued led him to crave more and strive to go one step further than other scientists have in the past. Devoting his life to learning the sciences of the human frame, Frankenstein became capable of bestowing animation upon lifeless matter (37), and recognizes the chance to become the father of a new type of species he can take credit for. Ironically, Frankenstein's creature obtains the power to destroy his creator, along with all civilization. If God, the single perfect being, cannot create perfect life, how could an imperfect person possibly do it? Frankenstein is oblivious to the danger of his knowledge and to the citadel of nature (25) he will enter by becoming aware of the secrets of heaven and earth (23). Frankenstein travels down a dangerous path when he goes as far as to play God by exploring supernatural life and after his work is complete, he fearfully realizes that he not only created a new life, but with that life, he brought a new form of evil into the world. During the two years Frankenstein worked on his creation he became totally absorbed in his work which leads to neglect towards himself, his family, and the beautiful scenes of nature he, in the past, took pleasure in. Once he dived headfirst into his project, he showed no signs of coming up for air. Frankenstein puts his life on hold and seemed to have lost all soul or sensation but for this one pursuit (39). In fear of an unsuccessful outcome, he ruthlessly works day and night trying to complete his work. In the process, he deprived [himself] of rest and health (42) and became pale and emaciated due to this lacking. Not only did he neglect his health, Frankenstein also overlooked his loving family who began to worry about him. Obviously [he] knew [his] silence disquieted them (40), but couldn't tear himself away from his work long enough to simply reply to their letters. Another pleasure Frankenstein tried to forget was the nature he had always found comfort in. However, not even the charms of nature (40) could break the force field isolating Frankenstein and his creation in the study. Once he realized all the pleasures he set aside due to the overwhelming desire he beheld for his work, Frankenstein began making excuses. He made himself believe that the passion and peace he felt towards his family and the beauties of nature stood as an obstacle in his path and would only disturb his tranquility (40). When you give up the things you love and the aspects of life that have always given pleasure to you, you risk losing them forever. Frankenstein became so caught up in his work he missed out on two years of his life. He never visited his family and it wasn't until after his work was done did he read a letter sent to him by Elizabeth updating him on everything that had gone on. After Frankenstein is aware of the monster he produced, he understands all he gave up and now regrets what he allowed his life to become. Getting caught up in the rat race led Dr. Victor Frankenstein to the terrible fate like had in store for him. All too late, he realizes that a truly happy man never losses sight of the important aspects he beholds. Also, understanding how dangerous the acquirement of knowledge (38) is and how his desire to go beyond the laws of nature led to the downfall of his life. It isn't until misery and destruction claim his soul does Frankenstein realize the problems he created by playing God and overlooking the simple pleasures in life. 
Novalee is unlucky. She's seven months pregnant, homeless and headed to California for an unknown reason. Her dreams of houses, family and love seem far away. Willy Jack wants money. He craves boozes, sex and freedom. He finds himself jobless, with a pregnant girlfriend, and a beat up Plymouth destined for California. In the Billie Letts novel, Where the heart is the American dream involves family, friends, and material goods. Both Novalee and Willy Jack are in search of their dreams, the success of which relies on the decision they make along the way. Family is an important part of Novalee's dream. Novalee's childhood was filled with sadness. Her mother deserted her when she was young and thereafter, she bounced between foster homes until she met Willy Jack. In Willy Jack, Novalee believes she finds love. To her disappointment she does not. However, she finds happiness the baby that they made. Her baby becomes center of strength and her good fortune. She ran her fingers across her navel and thought of the baby attached to the other side of it, imagining it could feel her touch so that it might even reach out to her. Page 53. Americus brings Novalee, the love and family she wants. Willy Jack sees family as an obstacle to pass in achieving his dream. He has a narrow view of his life. He desperately wants money and believes nothing else matters but it. Willy does not realize that he needs the love of others to help him through life. Willy passes up the option of family early on his quest for his dream. He deserts his pregnant girlfriend in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart. Leaving her with only $7.77 and the clothes she is wearing. She could see herself running, calling his name- the parking space was empty, the Plymouth gone. He was going to California and had left her behind Page 16. Willy's desire for money compels him to ditch his family. Novalee cherishes the help and support friends provide during her pursuit of the American Dream. Through the help and guidance of her friends she is able to excel all aspects of her life. From Moses, a strong, black photographer she is explores her creative flare. She gains respect from her community by winning the Greater Southwestern Kodak photography contest. She was named Employee of the Week at Wal-Mart, the First National Bank sent a card of congratulations, and the art teacher at the high school asked her to come to his classes to speak. Page 216. Novalee takes picture of her friends who helped her towards her dream, so she never forgets them. Willy Jack uses his friends as tools, to achieve his dream. When Willy Jack is thrown in prison, his moneymaking ideas change. He decides he wants to become a country music star. With the help of the prison librarian he obtains a guitar, and performing experience. Shortly after his release from prison he meets Ruth Meyers. Ruth is a talent agent who sets Willy Jack on the path to stardom. However, Willy Jacks greed over-powers his judgement. Behind Ruths back Willy Jack tries to bargain a deal with Johnny Desoto, a big time talent agent. Then Ill get right to the point. Willy Jack leaned closer to the table, his tone confidential. I think Ruth Meyers has gone about as far with me as she can She cant make me rich. Page 256. Willy Jack soon learns that Ruth Meyers should not be toyed with. She learns of Willy Jack unfaithful ways, cancels his contract and proclaims hell never work in show business again. In search of material goods, Novalee dreams of a house for her family. Novalee does not wish for large mansions, extravagant cars or designer clothes. All she wants is house to keep her child safe and warm. Novalee dreamed of houses-two-story houses, log cabins, condominiums, ranch houses-anything fixed to the ground. She had never lived in a place that didnt have wheels under it. Page 7. Novalee receives her house as a gift from her friend Sister Husband. Willy Jack pursues enormous wealth at the sacrifice of his health. His first moneymaking scheme had him headed for California. Where he heard his cousin J. Paul had made a lot of money working for Union Pacific Railroad. However, J. Paul wealth was a workers compensation payment for the baby finger he lost while working. Willy Jack intended on sacrificing his baby finger as well. For Willy Jack, a southpaw, the little finger of his right hand was absolutely useless. And it was the one he would sacrifice, the one he intended to trade for greyhounds and race horses. Page 10. Novalee achieves more in her life then she ever dreamed possible. She is able to because she is selfless and motivated by the love of her friends and family. Willy Jack never achieves his dreams of wealth. His failure is a result of the poor selfish decisions he makes along the way. Nonetheless, the end of the novel gives the reader a sense of hope for Willy Jack. He is able to admit he made bad decisions and most importantly he learns that happiness is found in his heart, not in his wallet. 
While reading Dr. King's novel, I was able to get an uncensored idea of what African Americans went through in their struggle for civil rights. I cannot comprehend the extent to which they suffered while protesting, and it would be ignorant of me to think that I could understand. The many people who fought with Martin Luther King, Jr. for civil rights understand something about this country that I am only beginning to discover. I can only hope this shameful part of our history is never repeated. I felt a sense of disgust and shame while reading about the events of the Civil Rights struggle in Birmingham, Alabama. I have always heard that they would used dogs and water hoses to push back crowds, but I always got the sense that it was some kind of chaotic protesting on the part of the African Americans. I cannot believe that people who live in a country based on freedom of speech and the other rights in the Constitution would try to stop peaceful protests and demonstrations in such a manner. How could people think that this kind of oppression was tolerable and that the blacks did not have a right and freedom to protest? Part of me wanted to be there to help make a difference and join in the struggle, but part of me was also really afraid just by reading about the events in Birmingham. The people who protested with Dr. King showed a tremendous amount of courage and passion that could not be put out by fire hoses or dogs. I do not think that anyone, who has not been the victim of the extreme oppression that the blacks were victims of for hundreds of years, could understand why the civil rights movement was necessary at that time. Dr. King realized that you cannot wait for people to change their attitudes or beliefs, you have to help them see the error of their beliefs. It is easy for someone who is not being oppressed to tell you to wait. When you and your families are the victims of oppression and violence, you reach a breaking point when you realize that things need to change now. Dr. King had the courage to say that publicly, and people followed him in the struggle because of that courage. When you believe in something that much nothing, not even death can stop the struggle. Even after Dr. King was assassinated, his legacy lived on. His legacy was something that was stronger than the racists' attitudes in this country and there was nothing they could do to stop his legacy. Our country has come a long way the events in Birmingham, Alabama in 1963. Each day we come closer to being the country that Martin Luther King, Jr. envisioned, and I hope we get there soon. I look forward to the day that we can say as a country that oppression and racism were the biggest mistakes of our country and they are a thing of the past that shall never be relived by anyone. Bibliography King, Martin Luther. Why We Can't Wait 
Pro's and Con's of James Harriots' Job as a vet Most people working in the medical field treat human patients, but one common medical field is Complaining about his first experience in the country, James Herriot starts out his book saying, They didn't say anything about this in the books, I thought, as the snow blew in through the gaping doorway and settled on my back. No there wasn't a word in the books about searching for your ropes and instruments in the shadows; about trying to keep clean in a half bucket of tepid water; about the cobbles digging into your chest. Nor about the slow numbing of the arms, the creeping paralysis of the muscles as the fingers tried to work against the cows powerful explosive efforts. He clearly doesn't show any signs of enjoying his job, yet. Later on, on his way to Mr. Farnon, he remembers some of the horror stories told to him from experienced veterans, which had visited his college. One vet said, Never a night off or a half a day. He made me wash the car, dig the garden, mow the lawn, do the family shopping. But when he told me to sweep the chimney I left. And another remembers, First job I had to do was pass the stomach tube on a horse. Got it into the trachea instead of the esophagus. Couple of quick pumps and down went the horse with a hell of a crash-dead as a hammer. That's when I started these gray hairs. By that time James was doubting whether or not being a vet was the best profession he could have chosen. Deciding to stay a vet in the same city he quickly realized the problem of having to adapt to his new environment. One of the first he encountered was the ability to communicate properly with his customers. James, on the first day of work, while Mr. Farnon was out, had to deal with a customer on his own. Harriot had trouble understanding him due to the use of terms, to describe animal body parts, sickness, and diseases, which were made-up by farmers in that area. After the customer left (Harriot) returned thoughtfully to the sitting-room. It was disconcerting but I had listened to my first case history without understanding a word of it. There are many unexpected obstacles and difficulties which are going to come in his life time job as a vet. One of which he hates dearly is the fact that his job requires him to be able to be wide-awake and focused at any time, 24 hours a day 7 days a week. He got a call one night at 3:15A.M. to come help a farmer with his mane having trouble giving birth. He remembers, My stomach contracted to a tight ball. This was a little bit too much; once out of bed in the middle of the night was bad enough, but twice was unfair, in fact it was sheer cruelty. I had had a hard day and had been glad to crawl between the sheets at midnight. I had been hauled out once at one o'clock to a damned awkward calving and hadn't got back till nearly three. What time is it now? Three fifteen. Good god, I had only had a few minutes' sleep. And a foaling! Twice as difficult as a calving as a rule. What a life! What a bloody awful life! A gentleman, back in the school days, told him if you ever become a veterinary surgeon you will have a life of endless interest and variety. James thought that old chap was certainly wasn't kidding, variety. That was it variety. Variety is something you rarely get residing in the city. Every day you see the same buildings, go to the same office, meet the same people, and pretty much do the same work all year long. But as vet it's the extreme opposite. After a hard days work, Harriot wonders, but then I might have been in an office with the window tight shut against the petrol fumes and the traffic noise, the desk light shining on the columns of figures, my bowler hat hanging on the wall. Living in the city doesn't come without its rewards. Even though you are a slave to the cities seemingly endless redundant, same way of life; it doesn't come without its rewards. Having finished helping a lamb with its birth a little past midnight James tries to keep out the black thoughts; about those people I knew who were still in bed and would only leave it when their alarm clocks rang; and they would read their papers over breakfast and drive out in their cosy banks or insurance offices. Maybe I should have been a doctor-they treated their patients in nice, warm bedrooms. 
The short story The Most Dangerous Game by Richard Connell is about the hunter and the hunted but later in the story it becomes ironic because it turns into a game were the hunter becomes the hunted. It turns into a chase of competition and of survival. Two sailors Rainsford and his partner Whitney sailed in to the darkness of the of sea. Their purpose was to hunt, they called it the greatest sport. They were hunters and headed to the Amazon to hunt vicious animals such as Jaguars, and tigers. They sailed to an island called Ship-Trap Island. Sailors feared this island and had curious dread of such a scarry place. The sky was filled with darkness when suddently he heard Three gun shots that were fired, and heard them again and again. Then he heard a scream while smoking a pipe when suddently the pipe fell and as he tried to reach for it he whent down into the sea were the waves swallowed his screams. Nobody could have heard him as the ocean swallowed his screams and the only chance of survival was to swim. Rainsford swam towards the screams and ended up in the Island. He walked on the shoreline and later found a place that looked like a mansion. There he met General Zaroff who bought the island to hunt. He was indeed a sporstman who invented a new sensation of the hunting game. His game was to train those men who's ships were wrecked and ended up in that island, and then provide them with food and a knife for three days. Once they were trained they were led out into the island as a head start while Zaroff chase after them and tried to hunt them down. If They survived during those three days they had won the game and they were let free but in the other case if they were found they were killed. Zaroff never lost the game so if one of the men being hunted was about to survive he would release the hounds to chased after them. Rainsford rested and the next morning had a dispute with Zaroff and told him that this hunting style was to brutal. In this argument Zaroff got mad and at this point in the story Raisford became the hunted. He was let loose into the island were he was to prepare himself for the most dangerous game of his life, the survival of the fittest. The first night was panicking and worried Rainsford as he hidded on top of a tree. The next day he set up a trap but Zaroff did'nt fall for it and he almost got caught when Zaroff was right next to the bushes were Rainsford was hiding. the last day he set up a pitfall and while Zarroff and his servant were serching, his servant unfortunately fell into the pit. Rainsford got out of the Island trying to escape by swimming out into the ocean and swam back to the mansion and when Zaroff returned Rainsford switched the game around and proposed him to become the hunted. I like this short story because Rainsford was wise in making traps wich allowed Zaroff to take more time trying to find him and did them successfully wich helped him survive those three days. I also liked how the story ended it was kind of ironic the way Rainsfored changed the game around and became the hunter and Zaroff became the hunted. I thought it was a good idea because this way Zaroff would realise that his game of hunting people was wrong and this would teach him a lesson. 
White Oleander, a dramatic fiction by Janet Fitch, was published by Little, Brown and Company in Boston. The story is about a mother and daughter, Ingred and Astrid have a very unusual relationship. Ingred loves her daughter but never asks her what she thinks so therefore doesn't know her daughter too well. Such as she does not know of her daughter's yearning for a father. Ingred makes it very clear that she will not allow herself to get close to a man. She is a very brilliant, beautiful poet, who is adored by a man named Barry Kolker. He goes to all of her readings, and asks her out each time. One of the times Barry invites her to go to the Gamelan, an orchestra. Loving the Gamelan, she accepts. Her and Astrid join Barry, and they begin talking more. They start going out more, but each time she makes and stands by regulations, such as he will invite her to eat after an event where they had not planned on eating and she will refuse, because she doesn't like to get attached to men, and doesn't want to spend anymore time than she had already allotted. All of a sudden, her rules start diminishing. One time, there was a knock at her door, and it was Barry. She thought to herself, 'how dare he just come without an invitation?'. When she opened the door (a knife in her hand), he had a bottle of wine, and bag of something that smelled good. To Astrid's surprise she did something least expected. She invited him in. One night Barry said he would be over to her house at 9 and never showed. So the next day, Ingred showed up unannounced at Barry's and she went inside and they made love. Immediately after, he told Ingred she had to leave because he had a date coming. She wanted to seek revenge. She started showing up at every place he was at. She broke into his house. He tried to go to her house and make her stop the nonsense. He tried forcing his way in her house, and she stabbed him in the hand. He left, and the next day she went to his house, where she found he had changed the locks. She broke in and placed white oleanders in his milk, oyster sauce and cottage cheese, and one in his toothpaste. She made an arrangement of white oleanders on his table, and scattered blooms on his bed. A police officer came to Ingred's house, and told her that Barry is accusing her of breaking and entering, and trying to poison him. She calmly stated that Barry is angry with her. She broke up with him and that he couldn't get over her. Ingred and Astrid took trip to Tijuana and Ingred bought a bottle of medicine called, DMSO, which helps drugs absorb through your skin (DMSO helps nicotine patches work), and uses that to poison him. He dies. Ingred is eventually placed in jail, leaving Astrid to jump from foster home to foster home. Her first foster home is with a mother named Star. Star is a busty, and leggy, ex-coke addict turned Christian. Star has a boyfriend named Ray, and Astrid falls in love with him. Astrid, 13, has an affair with the 40-something Ray. Star gets jealous of their friendship and gets suspicious. One day, Star comes in, in a drunken rage and shoots Astrid. Astrid is immediately removed and placed in a second home, the home of Ed and Marble Turlock. At this home, she was treated like a slave. She was forced to clean and baby-sit, and was never shown any affection, and was never introduced to anyone. Astrid makes friends with a black neighbor, named Olivia Johnston, who the prejudiced Marble condemns a hooker. When Marble finds that Astrid is friends with her, Marble beats her up, and she once again gets moved, which she finds out at school, with her bags already packed for her, and no chance to say good-byes. The third house, was a big, beautiful estate. Amelia, the foster mother took in girls as slaves, and when she would leave, she would lock the refrigerator, and there was only one phone which no one could use. Astrid was starving, and began digging through the trash cans at school, when someone caught her and made fun of her, she stopped going to school. She started pan handling at liquor stores so she could get change to call her case worker to tell her what had been happening. She finally got a hold of her and was removed from that home. She is then sent to the home of Claire and Ron. Claire couldn't have children and loved Astrid as her own. She was behind Astrid all the way with her goals, like drawing and painting. Claire, however, had psychiatric depression and suspected Ron of cheating on her. It got too hard on Claire, and she committed suicide. This had been the longest time Astrid had been in a home. Ron had a business and it had been his idea to adopt Astrid, so that Claire wouldn't be lonely. When Claire killed herself, Ron couldn't take care of her. She was sent to to a shelter where she meets a guy named Adam and they become good friends. She gets adopted by a woman named Reina where there are no rules, but a very dysfunctional house, where, they would drink and do drugs, which Astrid begins to do, too. For survival, Reina and the girls collect and sell belongings like an everyday yard sale. Throughout this time, Astrid keeps in touch with Adam. She turns 18 and decides to leave. She moves in with Adam in New York, and they fall in love. Astrid learns to forgive her mother, and she finally is getting to have a normal life, and put the past behind her. This is an extremely well written book, that will leave you feeling the same emotions as Astrid, from confusion, to terror, to despair, and finally to a restored feeling of hope. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes good dramas. This book is a real page-turner, which leaves you wondering what is going to happen next. 
Title: Rainbow Six Author: Tom Clancy # Of pages: 740 Characters: John Clark an ex Navy Seal, and two other characters Alistair Stanley the executive commander of Rainbow Six, and Domingo (Ding) Chavez, the captain of team two. There are two other insignificant characters Clarks wife sandy and is daughter Patsy Who is married to Ding, Patsy is pregnant. The other main character is Dimitriy Arkadeyevich Popov; he is an ex KGB agent who is now working as a special consultant. He will become a very important character later in the story. The boss (sorry I forgot his name) owner of a multi-national Pharmaceutical company all around bad guy. Plot: Clark is the commander and in charge of starting a new European anti-terrorist group called Rainbow Six. Rainbow Six is split into two teams; team one and team two. These teams are the best there is. They are based in Hereford, England, but any European country can call on them at any time. They run three miles in twenty minutes, every mourning at six am. Only one team is on-call at a time. The team that is not on call will be doing live fire practices. In the first six months of being operational they are called on three times. The first incident happens in a Swiss bank where terrorists taken control. They also have a hostage. Team two successfully takes them out, with only one hostage killed (he had already been killed before they got there). The first mission helps to organize them and fix a few holes in there planning. The second mission is in Germany; an international trader is taken hostage in his mansion. This mission goes too well, thanks to the snipers. No hostage deaths, but all the terrorists are killed. The last mission is they are called upon is in Spain, where a team of terrorists take an amusement park and thirty children. They demand their leader, a man named Jackal be released from prison (he was the guy who took the Swiss bank). So to take them down they use a program to disable their cellular phones, their way of communicating, they kill the terrorists one by one till there all dead. Only one child is killed by the terrorists. In the meantime while this is happening, an American hires the ex-KGB agent Popov, now freelance. Popov is hired to get people to do the job in Switzerland, the bank taking, and the taking of the International trader in Germany. The person that has hired him is the Boss, owner of a multi-national pharmaceutical company that has deals with extremely deadly viruses. The Boss is extremely wealthily. Popov is living in New York he is flying back and fourth from Europe to organize these things. Popov in an attempt to figure out who is thwarting the operations watches the surveillance tapes and notices the same man smoking a cigar after each take down. He puts two and two together and comes to the conclusion that the same team was involved in each mission. Popov goes and tells the Boss, who though his numerous connections (one of them being Bill Henriksen leader of Global security). The Boss finds out that the team was Rainbow Six. This worries him because they could get in the way of his ultimate goal (youll find out his plans later). So he has Popov fly to Ireland and hire some of the IRA to attack the Rainbow Six base in Hereford, England. They Agree to do it for a handsome fee and some weapons. The IRA men decide to go after Clarks wife and daughter, since they are the easiest targets. They are successful in kidnapping Sandy and Patsy out of the hospital they work at. They use them to lure both the Rainbow Six teams out and try to stop them. Their goal is to take out five Rainbow Six members, enough to disable them, but they made the same mistake the men in Spain did they used Cell phones to communicate. So when the Rainbow Six team used their scramblers to disable the phones they began to fall apart. Eventually it came down to the IRA using the hostages as Bargaining tools to get away, but they were talked into surrendering by the team psychologist. Most of the IRA people were killed and the leader was badly injured, so before he slipped into unconsciousness he told them who hired him. The Rainbow team traced it to Popov, but they couldnt catch him he was already back in New York. During this time Global security gets a contract from the Australian government, because they are about to host the Olympics. The whole point of the Boss having these operations done is to get the Australian government thinking about getting a Security consultant to Olympics safe (Global security). The only is that the Australians also asked for a Rainbow Six team to be there too. but the Boss tells Henriksen to go ahead with his plans. The Bosss plans were to release a virus in the Olympics and kill the entire population of the plant off except for a few hundred radicals in Brazil. Why? Because the Boss and his radicals were extreme environmentalists and they believed that the human race was killing the planet, and they were the only people that could save the planet and treat it well. But when Popov finds out about the Bosss plans he goes strait to Clark and tells him about it. So the Rainbow team goes and raids the compound and destroys the virus. The Boss had fled to the rainforest with the radicals, they were left naked in the rainforest but they could not be tried in any court for various reasons that I cannot remember. Personal reaction: This book was extremely well written, giving you clues as to what is happening as it goes along. I found that he character development was done very well, you could relate to the characters and understand them and what they were going to do next. But what made this book really great was the way the plot slowly expands and just the main idea of the plot makes you think, what if? Bibliography sorry none 
1-5-00 Book Report # 2 To Kill a Mockingbird To Kill a Mocking Bird is based in about 1935, right in the middle of the depression. It is set in a small town in Alabama called Maycomb. Maycomb, like most small southern towns, has a problem with widespread racism toward Negroes. The novel focuses on one family, the Finches. In the family there are three people, Scout, Jem and Atticus. Atticus is a lawyer and is defending a Negro man in court (Tom Robinson), something that was not often done in the south due to racism. Many people feel threatened by this and feel very resentful toward Atticus. Throughout the novel all the members of the Finches and many others display courage in their attempts to stand up for what they believe in. In the beginning of the novel we meet Jean Louise Finch, or Scout for short. Scout is an energetic little six year old. She still has her innocence and has not yet been able to understand the concepts of racial discrimination or hate. Scout is confused by what some of her classmates have been saying about her father, Atticus Finch. Many of her classmates call Atticus a nigger lover. Being only six Scout does not know how to handle such situations so she solves her problems by fighting. On the day that Tom Robinson was moved to the Maycomb jail to await his trial, Atticus left the house to go and sit outside of the jail to watch over Tom to make sure that nothing happens to him. Scout, Jem and Dill followed him there to make sure that nothing happened to him. Suddenly several cars pulled up at the jail. A mob got out of the vehicles and demanded that Atticus step aside so that they could get at Tom. Frightened the children came running to Atticus' side and asked him if everything was okay. Atticus told them to go home, but they refused. Suddenly, Scout saw a man that she knew, Mr. Cunningham. She said hi to him, twice before he acknowledged her. She began asking him questions about his entailments and talking about Walter, his son. At first he said nothing, Scout was afraid that she had done something wrong. Then finally he said something, he said that he would tell Walter that she said hey. After that, they all left. By singling out Mr. Cunningham she turned to mob into individuals and thus making them more aware as to what they were doing. She made Mr. Cunningham realize that Atticus is a man, not a roadblock. Scout showed that even a small girl was able to stop a mob of grown men from doing something that they might regret. Even though Scout was unaware of what she had done she was still the hero of the day and displayed lots of courage by standing up for her father. Scout's brother Jem also shows courage in the novel. Jem is nine years old and is just beginning to show signs of maturing. Jem shows most of his courage by just believing that what his father was doing was the right thing to do. Jem continues to believe throughout the novel that Atticus will win because there was very little evidence to go against Tom, only the words of Mayella and Bob Ewell. This trust and somewhat naive belief that even a Negro can get released from jail is shattered when Tom is sentenced. Jem does not understand how he could be guilty even when all the evidence was pointing towards Bob Ewell. The courage showed by Jem concerning this matter is very strong, partially due to his slight naivet towards the racism that is going on around him. This courage is based on what he has been told by Atticus. Atticus displays the most courage by defending Tom Robinson in court. He knew that having a white man defend a black man in court was unacceptable. He knew that people would resent him for it and he also knew that he would most likely lose the case because a black man has never won a court battle against a white. Atticus never lost hope though, he continued to work and protect Tom no matter what. He even sat outside of the jail house to make sure that no one touched him. Atticus had to stand up to a mob of his peers to keep Tom alive. Thanks to Scout, violence did not erupt. During the court battle Atticus tried his best to win over the jury, but all that he managed to do was remove every shred of credibility from Mr. Ewell. Atticus defended Tom because otherwise he would not be able to tell his children what to do any more, and also for moral reasons to. The court battle was not the only place that Atticus showed courage. He showed physical courage when he shot the rabid dog, Tim Johnson. This was the only type of courage that his daughter Scout was able to under stand at the time. The Finches were not the only ones who showed courage during the course of the novel. Tom Robinson showed plenty of courage just by pleading not guilty and attempting to win in a racist court room. Tom and Atticus paved the way for future Negroes in the same situation as Tom by nearly winning over a racist jury. Tom and Atticus managed to not only remove all of Bob Ewell's credibility but they also changed the mind of one man on the jury, one who was also part of the mob, Mr. Cunningham. Mr. Cunningham had to be convinced by the other twelve jury members that Tom was guilty. One step forward for the case, one giant leap towards changing the views of people. Finally there is the mystery man, Boo Radley. The children were fascinated by this man. He never came outside ever. The children tried to catch a glimpse of him for three years but never saw him. Then on the way home from a play that Scout had been in, they were attacked by Mr. Ewell. He wrestled with them for a short time, then another man came in and started to stop Mr. Ewell finally the fight ended and someone grabbed Jem and brought him into the house and Atticus ran over to get Scout (who was dressed as a ham!). Heck Tate came over to tell them that Mr. Ewell had been killed by his own knife. It turned out to be Boo Radley who saved the children by fighting off Mr. Ewell. The mystery man whom they had thought ate squirrels and cats raw and killed children, turned out to be just a misunderstood guy who preferred to be inside then to face a cruel world. All over the above characters and possible others, showed lots of courage towards what was happening around them. They all stood up for what they believed to be right and never let up. To Kill A Mockingbird is an excellent example of how the views of a town can be changed by a group of brave individuals who stood up for what they believed in . Bibliography to kill a mokingbird got an A on it 
To Kill A Mockingbird Prejudice has caused the pain and suffering of others for many centuries. Some examples of this include the Holocaust and slavery in the United States. In to Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee racism was the cause of much agony to the blacks of a segregated South. Along with blacks, other groups of people are judged unfairly just because of their difference from others. The prejudice and bigotry of society causes the victimization of people with differences. Some who are discriminated against are those who are born differently than the majority. One person that is treated unfairly is Calpurnia, as you can see when Aunt Alexandra tried to get Atticus to fire Calpurnia, because in her eyes, Calpurnia wasn't a good enough female role model (p.136). This is a prejudice action, because Calpurnia is as good as a role model as Aunt Alexandra, if not better. Aunt Alexandra is a bigot and doesn't see the character of Calpurnia, just the color of her skin. Another person who is treated like an inferior is Scout by her teacher, because she knew how to read. She discovered that I was literate and looked at me with more than faint distaste. (p.17). Scout is treated like it is her fault that she knows more than the average child did. She learned earlier than others so she gets punished unjustly. Tom Robinson is also one who is discriminated by a biased community. Tom is found guilty by the jury in his case against the Ewells (p.211). The guilty verdict is a direct result of a racist community. Tom was never given a fair chance in the trial, even though that the evidence was proving him innocent. People that are born differently often get mistreated and are discriminated against. Another group that is treated poorly in the society based on bigotry, are the people who have chosen to be different. One who chose to be different is Dolphus Raymond. He pretended to be drunk so no one gave him any trouble on the way that he lived his life (p.200). The way a person lives should be there own personal business. He has the right to live differently than others if he feels that is the way he wants to live. Another person that lives differently is Boo Radley. Boo stayed inside his house for a number of years without ever coming out to interact with others. He didn't want attention that would come from the rumors that were said about him. Stories were made up about him and he felt it was best for him to stay inside. The people who chose to be different took a risk of being made outcasts of the majority of the society. The final group that was made to feel different was the group that defended and protected the minorities and the wrongfully treated people. Atticus was a good example of one who defended the different by defending Tom Robinson in his case. Atticus had integrity that gave him the strength to endure the ridicule that arose from his decision to defend a black man in a segregated area. Atticus was threatened and his children were treated poorly by their peers, because he had the courage to stand up for the oppressed. Sheriff Tate defends the different when he says, I never heard tell that it's against the law for a citizen t do his utmost to prevent a crime from being committed, which is exactly what he did, but maybe you'll say it's my duty to tell the town all about it and not hush it up. (p.276). Sheriff Tate is trying to protect Boo from the attention that could frighten him. The sheriff is doing the right thing by hiding the truth from the community. By defending the different, people take a chance of being known as strange or inferiors to the rest of the people that they are around. Throughout the story, people that are unlike the majority, get hurt. They are given obstacles that they have to overcome in order to survive. Some people in the world can survive these obstacles, and there are some that just give up. By fighting for your rights, people start to realize that character is the important attribute to a person. To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee showed me that the people with differences are not always doing things the wrong way. It is the majority that may be going at it all wrong. 
&#8220;When The Legends Die&#8221; Novel/Movie Contrast Joe McNew June 8, 2000 The book, &#8220;When the Legends Die&#8221;, was pretty good. Then some idiot had to go and make a movie out of it. In contrasting the two, I found alot more differences than similarities. The first similarity came when Blue Elk came and took Thomas Black Bull to the reservation. Tom had trouble with the kids as in the book. Brother Bear was chained up and eventually Tom took him back to the woods and left him just as Tom did in part I of the book. Of course, Red Dillion was a jerk in both the movie and the book, although the book illustrated a better image in the reader&#8217;s mind. There were quite a few things the two had in common but the differences outnumber the similarities. I am not going to attempt to represent every difference but I wil give a few examples. For instance, we first see Tom, or any characters for that matter, after George and his mom dies. The movie represents Tom as older, during his rodeo days. In the book, during Red and Tom&#8217;s 2 fight, he only knocks him down but in the movie he beats him up really bad. He goes home with the nurse but in the book he does nothing of that sort. So far he hasn&#8217;t gone for the bear yet but we&#8217;re not finished yet. The book had alot going for it and I thought that it was much better than the movie. The movie was a horrible experience and is probably the only time I wished my teacher wouldn&#8217;t have shown it. Usually, I like the movie better than the book but this was the exception. Whoever made this movie should be charged with murder (of the book). The movie missed alot of the key points. The movie was interesting and did illustrate some things better than the book. It did an excellent job of show Tom&#8217;s transitiion from rags to riches. In addition, the movie moved alittle faster which made it more exciting. I believe that it did a better job when Tom actually ditched Red and got into the big tournament. Both had their strong points. The book was better...way better. This is a good example of why a movie shouldn&#8217;t be made from a book or at least a person may want to consider skipping the movie if they really liked the book. Although, the movie was better in some areas overall I would definitely recommend the book over the movie. In conclusion, movie = F book = A. 
To Kill A Mockingbird - Chapters 18-19 Summary Mayella testifies next, a reasonably clean nineteen-year- old girl who is obviously terrified. She says that she called Tom Robinson inside the fence that evening and offered him a nickel to break up a dresser for her, and that once he got inside the house he grabbed her and took advantage of her. In Atticus' cross-examination, Mayella reveals that she has seven siblings to care for, a drunken father, and no friends. Then Atticus examines her testimony and asks why she didn't put up a better fight, why her screams didn't bring the other children running, and--most importantly--how Tom Robinson managed the crime with a useless left hand, torn apart by a cotton gin when he was a boy. Atticus begs her to admit that there was no rape, that her father beat her. She shouts at him and calls the courtroom cowards if they don't convict Tom Robinson, and then bursts into tears refusing to answer any more questions. In the recess that follows, Mr. Underwood notices the children up in the balcony, but Jem tells Scout that the newspaper editor won't tell Atticus-- although he might include it in the social section of the newspaper. The prosecution rests, and Atticus calls only one witness--Tom Robinson. Tom testifies that he always passed the Ewell house on the way to work, and that Mayella often asked him to do chores for her. On the evening in question, she asked him to come inside the house and fix a door. When he got inside, however, there was nothing wrong with the door, and he noticed that the other children were gone. Mayella told him that she had saved her money and sent them all to buy ice cream, and then she asked him to lift a box down from a dresser. When he climbed up on a chair, she grabbed his legs, scaring him so much that he jumped down. Then she hugged him around the waist, and asked him to kiss her. As she struggled, her father appeared at the window, calling Mayella a whore and threatening to kill her, and then Tom fled. Link Deas, Tom's white employer, stands up and tells everyone that in eight years of work, he has never had any trouble from Tom. Judge Taylorexpels him furiously from the courtroom for interrupting; then Mr. Gilmer gets up and cross-examines Tom. The prosecutor points out that the defendant was once arrested for disorderly conduct, and gets Tom to admit that he has the strength, even with one hand, to hold a woman down and rape her. Then he begins to badger the witness, asking about his motives for always helping Mayella with her chores, and getting him to admit that I felt right sorry for her. That doesn't go over well in the courtroom-- black people are not supposed to feel sorry for a white person. Mr. Gilmer goes over Mayella's testimony, accusing Tom of lying about everything. Dill begins to cry and Scout takes him out of the courtroom. Commentary If Bob Ewell is villainous, his daughter is pitiable, and their miserable existence almost allows her to join the novel's parade of innocent victims--she, too, is (up to a point) a kind of mockingbird. Lee's presentation of Mayella emphasizes her role as victim--her father beats her and possibly molests her, while she takes care of the children and so lacks kind treatment that when Atticus calls her Miss Mayella,she accuses him of making fun of her. She has no friends, and Scout seems justified in thinking that she must have been the loneliest person in the world. Even Atticus pities her. Mayella's victimization is marred by her attempt to become a victimizer, to destroy Tom Robinson in order to cover her shame. We can have no real sympathy for Mayella Ewell--whatever her sufferings, she inflicts worse cruelty on others. Pity must be reserved for Tom Robinson, whose honesty and goodness render him supremely moral. Unlike the Ewells, he is hardworking, honest, and has enough compassion to make the fatal mistake of feeling sorry for Mayella Ewell, a white girl. His story is clearly the true version of events: the story leaves no room for doubt, a detail that a number of critics find unconvincing. But equally clearly he will be a martyr. We are spared much of Mr. Gilmer's cross-examination when Dill's crying takes Scout out of the courtroom (he is still a child, who responds to wickedness with tears), but the small sample that Scout hears is enough. To the racist mind, Tom (called boy by the prosecutor) must be lying, must be violent, must lust after white women--because he is black. To Kill A Mockingbird - Chapters 20-22 Summary Outside the courtroom, Dill complains to Scout about how Mr. Gilmer treats Tom Robinson. As they walk, they encounter Mr. Dolphus Raymond, the rich white man with the colored children, drinking from a paper sack. He commiserates with Dill, and offers him a drink, which turns out to be Coca-Cola. Mr. Raymond tells the children that he pretends to be a drunk to provide the other white people with an explanation for his lifestyle when in fact, he simply prefers black people to whites. When Dill and Scout return to the courtroom, Atticus is making his closing remarks. He has finished going over the evidence, and now makes a personal appeal to the jury. He points out that the prosecution has produced no medical evidence of the crime and instead is relying on the shaky testimony of two unreliable witnesses; moreover the physical evidence suggests that Bob Ewell, not Tom Robinson, beat Mayella. Then he offers his own version of events, describing how Mayella, lonely and unhappy, committed the crime of lusting after a black man, and then concealed her shame by accusing him of rape after being caught. Atticus begs the jury to avoid the state's assumption that all black people are criminals, and to deliver justice by freeing Tom Robinson. As soon as Atticus finishes, Calpurnia comes into the courtroom and hands him a note telling him that his children have not been home since noon. Mr. Underwood says that Jem and Scout are in the colored balcony, and have been since just after one in the afternoon. Atticus meets them outside, and tells them to go home and have supper. They beg to be allowed to hear the verdict, and their father says that they can return after dinner, but the jury will probably return by then. They eat quickly and return to find the jury still out, the courtroom still full. Evening comes, night falls, and the jury continues to deliberate; Jem is confident of victory, and Dill has fallen asleep. Finally, after eleven that night, the jury enters. Scout remembers that a jury never looks at a man it has convicted, and the twelve men do not look at Tom Robinson as they file in and deliver a guilty verdict. The courtroom begins to empty, and as Atticus goes out, everyone in the colored balcony rises in a gesture of respect. Jem spends the rest of the night in tears, railing against the injustice of the verdict. The next day, Maycomb's black population delivers an avalanche of food to the Finch household. Outside, Miss Stephanie Crawford is gossiping with Mr. Avery and Miss Maudie, and she tries to question Jem and Scout about the trial. Miss Maudie rescues the children by inviting them in for some cake. Jem complains that his illusions about Maycomb have been shattered: he thought the people were the best in the world, but having seen the trial, he doesn't think so. Miss Maudie points out that there were people who tried to help, like Judge Taylor, who appointed Atticus instead of the regular public defender; and that Atticus' keeping the jury out so long was actually a sign of progress. As the children leave her house, Miss Stephanie runs over to tell them that Bob Ewell accosted their father that morning, spat on him, and swore revenge. Commentary Mr. Dolphus Raymond's presence outside the courtroom is appropriate: like Miss Maudie, he does not belong inside with the rest of the town, because he does not share their guilt. Mr. Raymond is a harsh realist, and while he shares Dill's outrage, he is too old to cry. In a way, Mr. Raymond is describing himself: he is an unhappy figure, a good man who has turned cynical and lost hope. You haven't seen enough of the world yet, he tells Scout. You haven't even seen this town, but all you gotta do is step back inside the courthouse. To Mr. Raymond, Maycomb's racist side is the real Maycomb. Atticus, less embittered, seems to hold out hope for the town--his eloquent closing argument is devoid of despair. Rather, he speaks to the jury with confidence and dignity. Even after the verdict has been handed down, there is a sense that progress has been made, in some small way--as Miss Maudie puts it, I thought to myself, well, we're making a step--it's just a baby-step, but it's a step. Jem, however, doesn't see things that way. Scout is bewildered by the verdict, but is resilient and retains her positive view of the world. Her brother is crushed: his illusions about justice and the law have been shattered. In a way, he is as much a mockingbird, an innocent victim, as Tom Robinson, but the Ewells do not take his life: they take his childhood and his youthful idealism. To Kill A Mockingbird - Chapters 23-25 Summary Bob Ewell's threats are worrisome to everyone except Atticus. He tells his children that because he made Mr. Ewell look like a fool, the other man needed to get revenge, and now that Ewell has that vengefulness out of his system, he expects no more trouble. Aunt Alexandra and the children remain worried. Meanwhile, Tom Robinson has been sent to another prison seventy miles away while his appeal winds through the court system. Atticus feels his client has a good chance at being pardoned, but if no, he will go to the electric chair, as rape is a capital offense in Alabama. Jem and Atticus discuss the justice of executing men for rape, and then the subject turns to jury trials, and how twelve men could have convicted Tom. Atticus tells his son that in an Alabama court of law, a white man's word always beats a black man's, and that they were lucky to have the jury out so long. In fact, one man on the jury wanted to acquit-- amazingly, it was one of the Cunninghams. This makes Scout want to invite young Walter Cunningham to dinner, but Aunt Alexandra expressly forbids it, telling her niece that the Finches do not associate with trash. Scout is furious, and Jem hastily takes her out of the room. In his bedroom, Jem reveals his (minimal) growth of chest hair, and tells Scout that he is going to try out for the football team in the fall. Then they discuss the class system, and why their aunt despises the Cunninghams, and why the Cunninghams look down on the Ewells, who hate black people, and so on; they fail to come up with an explanation for the absurdity of it all. One day in August Aunt Alexandra invites her missionary circle to tea. Scout, wearing a dress, helps Calpurnia bring in the tea, and her aunt invites her to stay with the ladies. Scout listens to the missionary circle discuss the plight of the poor Mrunas, a benighted African tribe being converted to Christianity, and then talk about how their own black servants have been badly behaved ever since the trial. Miss Maudie shuts them up, and suddenly Atticus appears, calls his sister, Scout, and Miss Maudie out of the meeting with the news that Tom Robinson has been shot attempting to escape. He goes to tell the Robinson family, and Alexandra asks Miss Maudie how the town can allow her brother to do this to himself. Maudie says that the town trusts him to do right, and then they return to the missionary circle, managing to act as if nothing is wrong. A few days later, Jem tells his sister how Atticus pulled him and Dill away from fishing to accompany him to Helen Robinson's house, and how Helen collapsed at the news. Meanwhile, the news occupies Maycomb's attention for about two days, and everyone agrees that it is typical for a black man to do something irrational like trying to escape. Mr. Underwood writes a long editorial condemning Tom's death as the murder of an innocent man, and the only other important reaction comes when Bob Ewell is overheard saying that the death makes one down and about two more to go. Commentary Atticus advises Jem to stand in Bob Ewell's shoes, echoing to advice he gave Scout earlier in the novel. Here, however, Atticus' attempt to understand another human being fails: he makes an honest mistake in his analysis by failing to understand the depth of Ewell's anger toward him. Aunt Alexandra is more insightful; she says a man like Ewell will do anything to get revenge. Her comments seem typical of her tendency to stereotype those people who are different from the Finches, but her analysis is correct. For all her faults, Aunt Alexandra's stereotypes give her a good understanding of Maycomb County's people. Both Jem and Scout are forced to face the adult world in these chapters. Jem and Atticus discuss the judicial system in Maycomb County for much of Chapter 23; the conversation is an education for Jem in the realities of the jury system. Atticus describes the difficulty of changing laws, getting anyone but country people to sit on a jury, ensuring the secrecy of a jury vote, and allowing women to sit on Alabama juries. Finally, he reveals that one of the Cunninghams on the jury wanted to acquit Tom--a further indication that the world is not black and white. Scout, meanwhile, draws closer to her Aunt. The older woman's refusal to have Walter Cunningham to dinner pulls them apart, but the missionary tea party reveals the better side of Aunt Alexandra. The scene brilliantly portrays the hypocrisy of the Maycomb ladies: Mrs. Merriweather's large brown eyes always filled up with tears when she considered the oppressed (in Africa), Scout notes, yet the same woman can complain that there's nothing more distracting than a sulky darky. In the wake of the tragedy of Tom Robinson's death (which Mr. Underwood's editorial compares to the senseless slaughter of songbirds, an obvious reference to the novel's title), however, the tea party becomes an opportunity for the Finch women to display moral courage by maintaining a public facade of composure. To Kill A Mockingbird - Chapters 26-27 Summary Dill leaves, school starts, and the children pass the Radley Place every day. They are too old to be frightened by the house, but Scout still wishes wistfully to see Boo Radley just once. Meanwhile, the shadow of the trial still hangs over her. One day in school, her third-grade teacher, Miss Gates, lectures the class on the wickedness of Hitler's persecution of the Jews, and on the virtues of equality and democracy. Scout listens, and later she asks Jem how Miss Gates can preach equality when she came out of the courthouse after the trial and told Miss Stephanie Crawford that it was about time someone taught the blacks in town a lesson. Jem becomes furious, and tells her to never mention the trial to him again; Scout, upset, runs to Atticus for comfort. In the first two months of fall, Bob Ewell gets a job with the WPA, one of the Depression job programs, and loses it a few days later. He blames Atticus for getting his job. A few weeks later, Judge Taylor is home alone and hears someone prowling around; when he goes to investigate, he finds his screen door open and sees a shadow creeping away. Then Bob Ewell begins to follow Helen Robinson to work in Mr. Link Deas' fields, keeping his distance but whispering obscenities at her. Link Deas finds Ewell and threatens to have him arrested if he doesn't let Helen alone, and she has no further trouble. But these events worry Aunt Alexandra, who points out that Ewell seems to have a grudge against everyone connected with the case. That Halloween, the town sponsors a party and play at the school to avoid the unsupervised mischief of the previous Halloween, when two old sisters had their house burglarized and all their furniture hidden in their basement. The play is an agricultural pageant in which every child portrays a food: Scout wears a wire mesh shaped to look like ham. Both Atticus and Aunt Alexandra are too tired to attend, so Jem takes Scout over to the school. Commentary These chapters are marked by a mood of mounting mischief. They begin with a reference to the Radley Place, the source of childhood terrors that no longer terrify--Boo Radley was the least of our fears, Scout comments, in the wake of the trial and Bob Ewell's threats. The Radley Place is part of the past, now, although the narrator still expresses a fond wish to see him someday, and remembers their near-encounters with Boo during summers past. These memories restore Boo Radley to the reader's consciousness, which has been occupied with the trial for most of Book Two, and the restoration provides foreshadowing for Boo's appearance a few chapters later. Meanwhile, the after effects of the trial continue to loom. Bob Ewell's various attempts at revenge--stalking Helen Robinson, breaking and entering--are sinister, and the fact that he has not yet attempted anything against the Finches only increases the sense of foreboding. Atticus remains confident in his own safety, but this confidence begins to seem like wishful thinking more than anything else. Meanwhile, the incident involving Miss Gates reveals the extent to which Jem remains affected by the trial. Scout retains her faith in the basic goodness of others, and so her teacher's obvious hypocrisy confuses her. Jem, meanwhile, has become disillusioned, and when Scout tries to talk to him about Miss Gates, he says he never wants to discuss the trial or courthouse again. Bob Ewell's threats are not the only dark cloud hanging over the Finch household: the injustice of the trial has changed Jem irrevocably for the worse. Summary It is very dark on the way to the school, and Cecil Jacobs jumps out and frightens them. Scout and Cecil go together around the crowded school, visiting the haunted house (in a 7th grade classroom) and buying homemade candy. The pageant looms, and all the children go backstage. Unfortunately, Scout falls asleep, misses her entrance, and runs onstage at the end, prompting Judge Taylor and many others to burst out laughing. The lady in charge of the pageant accuses Scout of ruining it, and Scout is so ashamed that she and Jem wait backstage until the crowd is gone before they make their way home. On their walk back, Jem hears noises behind them. They think it must be Cecil Jacobs, trying to frighten them again, but when they call out to him, they hear no reply. They walk faster, and have almost reached the road when their pursuer begins running after them. Jem screams for Scout to run, but in the dark, hampered by her costume, she loses her balance and falls. Something tears at the metal mesh, and she hears struggling behind her. Then Jem breaks free and drags her to the road before their assailant pulls him back. Scout hears a crunching sound and Jem screams; she runs toward him and is grabbed and slowly squeezed. Suddenly her attacker is pulled away, and then she realizes that there are four people under the tree. Once the noise of struggling has ceased, Scout feels on the ground for Jem, finding only the prone figure of an unshaven man who smells of whiskey. She stumbles toward home, and in the light of the streetlight she sees a man carrying Jem toward her house. When she reaches home, Aunt Alexandra is already calling Dr. Reynolds. Atticus calls Heck Tate, telling him that someone has attacked his children. Aunt Alexandra removes Scout's costume, and Atticus tells her that Jem is only unconscious, not dead. Then Dr. Reynolds arrives and goes into Jem's room; when the doctor emerges he says that Jem's arm is broken, and he has a bump on his head, but will be all right. Scout goes in to see her brother; the man who carried him home is in the room, but she does not recognize him. Then Heck Tate appears and tells Atticus that Bob Ewell is lying down in the street, dead, with a knife in his chest. Scout tells them what she heard and saw, and Heck Tate shows her costume with a mark on it where a knife slashed and was stopped by the wire. When she gets to the point in the story where Jem was picked up and carried home, she turns to the man in the corner and really looks at him for the first time. He is pale, with torn clothes and a thin, pinched face and colorless eyes, and Scout realizes that it is Boo Radley. She takes Boo--Mr. Arthur--down to the porch, and they sit on the swing and listen to Atticus and Heck Tate argue. Heck insists on calling the death an accident, and Atticus, thinking that Jem killed Bob Ewell, does not want his son protected. The sheriff corrects him--Boo killed Ewell, not Jem, and Boo does not need the attention of the neighborhood brought to his door. Tom Robinson died for no reason, Heck says, and now the man responsible is dead: let the dead bury the dead. Scout takes Boo up to say goodnight to Jem, and then she walks him home. He goes inside his house, and she never sees him again, but for a moment she imagines the world from his perspective. Then she goes home, and finds Atticus sitting in Jem's room, and he reads one of Jem's books to her until she falls asleep. Commentary The night of the pageant is laden with foreshadowing, from the pitch darkness, to Cecil Jacobs' attempt to scare them, to the sense of foreboding that grips Aunt Alexandra just before they leave. The pageant itself is an amusing depiction of small- town pride, as the lady in charge spends thirty-nine minutes describing the exploits of Colonel Maycomb, the town's founder, and the reader can visualize the parade of meats and vegetables crossing the stage, with Scout, just awake, hurrying after them as the audience roars with laughter. After this scene, the children's walk home is taken in a mood of mounting suspense, as the noise of their pursuer is first heard and assumed to be Cecil Jacobs, only to have it rapidly become clear that they lie in mortal danger. The attack is all the more terrifying because it takes place so close to their home, in a place assumed to be safe, and because Scout (in her costume) has no idea what is happening. Boo Radley's entrance takes place in the thick of the scuffle, and Scout does not realize that her reclusive neighbor has saved them until she has reached home; even then she assumes him to be some countryman. When she finally realizes who has saved her, the childhood phantom has become a human being: His lips parted into a timid smile, and out neighbor's image blurred with my sudden tears. 'Hey, Boo,' I said. After Boo's unveiling, all that remains of the story is Heck Tate's decision to say that Bob Ewell fell on his knife, sparing Boo the horror of publicity. The title of the book and its central theme are invoked, as Scout says that exposing Boo to the public eye would sort of like shootin' a mockingbird. Then she takes him home, and Atticus' admonition to step into someone else's shoes is also invoked, as Scout suddenly sees the world through Boo's eyes. The novel ends here, and the reader is offered no details of Scout's future, except that Boo is never seen again. We have a sense, however, that the story has embraced her entire childhood, and Scout thinks that they have not much more to learn, except possibly algebra. 
Subject: English --Book Report/Review (See I Told You So, Rush Limbaugh) It is not very often that a person has his own national television show, radio show, and two books that have been on the New York Times Best Seller List. Rush Limbaugh happens to be one of these unique people, his radio show is popular, his television show has the largest audience for a program of its type and his new book is one of the best of its kind. Limbaugh always backed up his comments with facts or statistics. While the book was informative and factual, it was also very humorous. See, I Told You So was definitely a conservative use of 363 pages. Without question, Rush Limbaugh is a spokesperson for a conservative majority within the United States. His book follows what he says on his radio and television programs, which is a conservative and republican view on issues. A few of the things he stresses in his book are that conservatives are the silent majority and President Clinton cannot ruin this country in four years. Although he stresses that conservatives are the majority, he says that liberals are trying to regain control by forcing the public schools get rid good things like the Bible and competition, and replace them with Outcome-Based Education. Most importantly, we need to motivate people to pursue excellence and not feel sorry, pity and coddle underachievers. While the purpose of his book is to express these views, he also covers many other topics from the environment, to Dan's Bake Sale. The spectacle was enough to drive a stake through the heart of liberalism (p.101), says Rush Limbaugh about Dan's Bake Sale. Sixty-five thousand people flocked to Fort Collins, Colorado for what was called Rushstock '93. This all started as a quest for Dan Kay to make $29.95 for a subscription to The Limbaugh Letter and escalated to a full day event that even Limbaugh attended. While Rush Limbaugh discusses many different controversial and serious issues, he manages to make it entertaining. He makes these serious issues amusing by sarcastic comments and pionting out the irony in government today. Parts of the book are made for just entertainment like the Politically Correct Liberal Dictionary and the Lies, Lies chapter in which Limbaugh backs up his theory that, the Clinton administration, has cataloged an avalanche of false hoods with 7 pages of Clinton's major contradictions. Rush Limbaugh makes many controversial comments throughout his book, but instead of just commenting, he supports what he says. An example is, when he talks about the environment. He uses references to scientific studies, other than just speculating. Limbaugh states, Most scientists say a supernova 340,000 years ago disrupted 10 to 20 percent of the ozone, causing sunburn in prehistoric man.... Man has never done anything close to the radiation and explosive force of a supernova.... if prehistoric man merely got a sunburn, how are we going to destroy the entire ozone with our air conditioners and under arm deodorants and cause everybody to get cancer.... (p.178) I thought this book was very intresting. I attribute this sucesss to the fact that rarly has there been a radio/TV commentator who consistently makes sense on so many subjects: taxess, environmentalism, animal rights, crime, education, the inner cities, extreme feminism, government regulation and Congress. See, I Told You So is a serious and important book, but Rush Limbaugh, whatever your opinion of his politics, is an marvelous entertainer. 
If you like books like The Firm or The Chamber then this is the book for you. It has a great mix of suspense, action and drama. Its about a young man named Rudy Baylor who had aspirations of breezing through law school, graduating, and having a rich and prosperous future waiting for him. But after graduating the company that had hired him as a student was forced into a merger and the new owners dont want to have anything to do with him. It looks as if the whole world is crashing down on him, except for one case, one chance to pull himself away from being just another sleazy lawyer taking garbage cases that fall like scraps from the corporate bigshots tables. Its an insurance dispute that has left a family broken and devastated and has also opened the door for a lawsuit, if only Rudy can find a licensed lawyer to file it for him. When he finally gets to court he finds himself face to face with Drummond, the leader of a big time corporate defense team. Hes thrown into a nightmare of lies and cover-ups that have hung like a dark cloud over Great Benefits, the insurance company being sued. What started as a small dispute is quickly expanding into a million dollar legal war with the most trusted and respected insurance company in America. Its a case that puts Rudy in great danger, but if he wins he would be the most popular lawyer in America. I go to my apartment to load the last of my things into the car. The cleaning service was in yesterday so the house is temporarily without the smell of mildew. Its ready for Miss Birdie. I write Miss Birdie a long letter promising to call. Check the house once again and drive to a branch bank and close my savings account. A stack of 28 one hundred dollar bills has a nice feel to it, I hide it under the floor-mat. Its almost dark when I knock on the Blackss front door. Dot opens it, and almost smiles when she sees its me. The house is dark and quiet, still very much in mourning. I doubt if it will ever change. Buddys in bed with the flue. Over instant coffee I gently break the news that Great Benefits has gone belly up, and that shes been shafted once more. Barring a miracle far off in the distance, we wont get a dime. Continued on the next page... Im not surprised at her reaction. There appear to be several complex reasons for great benefits death. But right now its important for Dot to think that she pulled the trigger. Her eyes gleam and her entire face seems happy as it sinks in. She put them out of business. One little, determined woman from Memphis Tennessee bankrupted them sons of bitches. Shell go to Donnie Rays grave tomorrow and tell him about it. Kelly is waiting anxiously at Robins when I pull up. We hold hands as we walk quickly to the car, and we drive away. Dear, which direction? I ask when we get to the interstate loop that circles the city. We laugh at this because it is so absolutely wonderful. It doesnt matter where we go. Id like to see mountains she says. Me too, East or West? Big Mountains. Then West it is. She cuddles closer and rests her head on my shoulder. We cross the river and enter Arkansas. The Memphis skyline fades behind us. Its amazing how little weve planned for this. Her bond was canceled at only three this afternoon. Well settle in a place where no on can find us. I dont wanna hear about Deck and Bruiser. I dont wanna hear about the fallout at Great Benefits. I dont want Miss Birdie calling me for legal advice. I dont wanna worry about Cliffs death and everything related to it. Kelly and I will talk about it one of these days, but not any time soon. Well pick a small collage town because she wants to go to school. Shes only twenty, Im still a kid myself. Were unloading some serious baggage here and its time to have fun. Id love to teach History in high school, it shouldnt be hard to do, after all I have seven years of collage. I will not under any circumstances have anything whatsoever to do with the law. I will allow my license expire. I will not register to vote so they cant nail me for jury duty. I will never voluntarily set foot in another court room. We smile and giggle as the land flattens and the traffic lightens. Memphis is twenty miles behind us, I vow never to return. This excerpt may seem a little excessive but I feel that it captures the true spirit of the character, Rudy Baylor. It was also my favorite part of the novel. No, not because it was the end, but because it kind of made me stop and think. About how a person can spend most of their lives thinking that something is right for them only to end up down the road realizing that is was the wrong decision. After all that Rudy went through to win the case, to beat the other lawyers and to stop a company that was doing wrong he was able to just give it all up. That was truly touching and what made the novel a unique experience. -------------------------------------------------------------- 
The Picture of Dorian Grey This story is about wanting to stay young and not knowing the consequences of such a desire. Everything starts out in Basil Hallward's studio. Basil is a painter that is obsessed with Dorian Grey, a young beautiful gentleman that catches everyone's eye. On this particular day, Basil is accompanied by Lord Henry, one of his close friends. Dorian posses for a portrait and then retires to the garden with Lord Henry. They talk about youth and its great importance, about how it shouldn't be taken for granted, etc. When the picture is finished, Dorian makes a simple wish. He asks for his picture to grow old instead of him. Dorian keeps the picture and is fond of his new friend, Lord Henry. They go everywhere together and Henry teaches Dorian new things about life that he never knew existed. Dorian falls in love with an actress from the lower sides of London. But after she messes up in one of her plays, he despises her and decides never to see her again. He goes home and realizes that his picture has changed, it had grown old. The next day he is told that the actress he used to admire had committed suicide. Dorian fells no sorrow and Lord Henry tells him to take it as if it were just part of a play, a tragic scene that had come to a dramatic end. He realizes that his stupid wish had come true, so he decides to hide the painting so no one else can see it. As the years go by, people start to hate the once beloved Dorian Grey. Rumors are spread that he is a bad influence and that evil follows him wherever he goes. Many people don't believe that nonsense, and are still blown away by his ravaging good looks. They can't believe that such a handsome man can do such terrible things. Then one night, Basil visits him. They have a chat about the reputation that Dorian is getting on the streets. Basil tells him that such affairs, as he had been known to be a part off, were bad for the soul. Dorian tells him he no longer has a soul, and decides to show him the picture he once had painted of him. The picture had become horrid, old, and had lost all the beauty it once possessed. Basil is amazed and can't believe his own eyes. Dorian becomes mad at him, he blames him for all that has happened in his life, for he was the one that started the whole thing. Dorian takes a knife and stabs his good friend to death. The next day he gets rid of the body and of all the evidence that can link him to the murder. Dorian continues his life as if nothing had ever happened. A couple of days later, he is confronted by James Vayne, the actress's brother, the one he had sent to her death 18 years before. He wants to kill him for what he had done, but his good looks and his young face save his life. Now everywhere he goes he is afraid of being killed, until one day he goes hunting with a friend, and they shoot Vayne by mistake. Dorian feels without troubles and decides to make good instead of evil. He goes home and stabs the painting that had caused him all this pain. A chilling cry is heard, and his servants enter the room. They find the picture hanging on the wall, as beautiful as it ever was, and their master lying dead on the floor. He had changed into an old horrid figure and was stabbed to death. This book was an excellent choice because it had a very interesting way of looking at life. At the beginning I thought it would be the usual story, but then as the plot unwraps, one can't leave the book for a second. You always want to know what will happen to Dorian Grey. Grey is an amazing character, at the start he was just blooming like a flower, but under the influence of Lord Henry, he matures and becomes a creature of evil. He realizes his mistakes and wants to change them, but it is too late. This story shows us that you can't have everything forever, one has to live life as one is. Dorian tried to stay young forever and it brought him nothing but pain. We can't make such mistakes because we only live once, we have to take Dorian's example and make our lives better, and worth living. 
Objective Summary: The story is about a child's expectance of a family life filled with love and comforts, which is contrast with his real working class family life. Subjective Evaluation: Soto, back to his age of nine, dreamed to live in a family life that was uncomplicated in its routine. In reality, Soto lived in a working class family; he tried to change his family to imitate the perfect families he absorbed from television. I think many people have done what Soto did to fulfill the dream of a perfect family they wanted. I am not excluded from this either. I have an experience of attempting to change my family life. It was one year later after my family first came to the US in 1995. I learned many new things in this country that I never knew in China, and I appreciated some living styles in American culture. As I tended to like the styles of American life, I expected my family like them, too. The thing I wanted my family to change was the cooking style. I hated to cook Chinese dinner because it took so long to prepare. There are four kinds of food which are considered essential parts of Chinese dinner: rice, soup, vegetable, and meat; they are usually cooked separately. I was not the one who was good at cooking in my family, but I did have to cook when I came home earlier than my parents and two sisters still at work. One day, when we were sitting together at the dinning table for dinner, I suggested to my family that we could have sandwiches and precooked food from the supermarket as our dinner since many American families do. My parents looked at me in bewilderment. Son, you must be kidding, right? Those sandwiches and precooked food do not give you enough nutrition for growing up, my dad said. And precooked food is not good for your health, my mother kept on. My elder sisters showed no interest in my idea. I grew frustrated from their reaction, but I did not give up. Evening after evening, I kept bringing up the idea at the dinning table. My mother finally permitted me to make one American dinner for the family. That day, I went to the supermarket to buy bread, ham, and chicken soup right after school. I planned on making ham sandwiches and chicken soup for the dinner. The dinner was ready and served at our usual dinnertime. My mother tasted a spoon of the chicken soup and said, It tastes like brine, nothing but salty. Why don't they put some shark fins in it? She refused to have another spoon. My sisters only had a small bite of their sandwiches and then put them down; my father barely finished one. Even I could not have another one after finishing two. That night, my parents and sisters had instant noodle for dinner. Such a result was out of my expectation, but I had to accept it. From then on, the subject of changing cooking style is never brought up to the family conversation. I think Soto had the same feeling as I did when he found out that there was no way to change his family to be the perfect family he expected. When he realized that, he went out to look for work; being different from him, I tried to bring up another subject to the family conversation. 
SSUMMARY: PART 1 The first part of The Plague, by Albert Camus, begins in describing the large French port called Oran which is on the Algerian coast of Africa. The smug town is inhibited by people largely concerned with business. The normal flow of the town is abruptly interrupted by thousands of rats coming out of the sewers and dying. The concerned town people are delighted to find an end to the disgusting rats, but are then faced with a more severer problem. A fatal fever has swept the town. It takes government officials quite a while, but a state of plague is proclaimed. A doctor by the name of Dr. Bernard Rieux, who was recently separated from his wife due to another illness, has taken on the task of treating the plague. SUMMARY: PART 2 In part two of The Plague, the town of Oran is taken over by the illness. Everything is different now that Oran can't interact with the rest of the world. The town was put into exile. Auxiliary hospitals are opened to hold all the victims of the plague. The death toll rises from 302 deaths a week to 137 deaths a day. Many people lose close ones who have fallen from the plague. A somber tone has taken over the town. No one smiles anymore. Dr. Rieux continues with his work, but finds it hard when supplies run short. After a much respected Catholic priest gives a sermon blaming the plague as a punishment for the people's sins, a man named Tarrou starts work to try to aid the government in dealing with the destruction. Tarrou forms sanitary squads, with volunteers as workers. The hot summer weather scorches Oran and inhabitants fond it hard to cope. Many manage by going to cafes for alcohol. Security must be heightened since many are trying to escape the plague. SUMMARY: PART 3 In part three of The Plague, conditions in Oran get considerably worse. The summer heat is still unbearable, and the lack of rain brings clouds of dust over the town. As the number of victims from the plague increase, the room for the bodies decreases. Soon the number of coffins is insufficient as well as burial-places. When this occurs the government first begins burying mass bodies in large ditches, covering each layer with quicklime and soil. Later the authorities decide to make use of the crematorium and streetcars which haven't been working since exile. They put the deceased into the cars and bring them to be burned. The number of public servants helping with the plague also becomes low. Although, since others were losing their office jobs, they soon replaced the lost workers. Some jobs besides the sanitary squads were grave diggers and stretcher-bearers. Time in Oran Has seemingly stopped. Inhabitants that previously were only concerned with their own problems of being secluded from loved ones, now realize they are in the same boat as everyone else. When a curfew is enforced to lower crimes such as the burning of houses and escapes, Oran seems lifeless at night. The plague is killing the town. SUMMARY: PART 4 In part four of The Plague, conditions are still awful in Oran. Dr. Rieux is working harder than ever. He gets only four hours of sleep, and he and his fellow workers are always exhausted. When someone is diagnosed with the plague, they usually always die, so Dr. Rieux's job has changed from curing people to diagnosing them. Oran's inhabitants are getting restless. Numerous riots and various crimes occur daily. Although the number of deaths were no longer increasing many people close to Dr. Rieux died. After delivering a second, less hostile sermon, Father Paneloux came down with the plague. Another doctor that worked with Dr. Rieux, named Dr. Richard, died as well. A horrible death from the plague was a son of a magistrate. He was given an experimental serum that cured later patients, but just prolonged his suffering. That serum, was acclaimed as the reason for the decrease of deaths. Also the serum was accounted for the strange cases where people recovered from the plague. One positive occurrence at the end of part four was the appearance of rats again. They were healthy and running around. That's a good sign for the end of the epidemic. SUMMARY: PART 5 The last part of the novel describes the ending of the plague, and the beginning of the life after. As winter sets in, Dr. Rieux continues to work hard. The number of deaths continued to drop until the epidemic ended considerably suddenly. At the plague's last breaths, Dr. Rieux's very close friend Tarrou died of the plague. Another close friend of Dr. Rieux, Cottard, couldn't deal with the opening of the gates of the town, and he went crazy. He shot people with a gun out of his apartment building until the authorities came and took him away. He thought they might tell the police about his dreaded crime. Later, Dr. Rieux got the sad news that his wife past while they were still in exile. He found it difficult to celebrate with the rest of the town when the gates were finally opened. ONE SIGNIFICANT CHARACTER: One significant character in the novel, the Plague, is Father Paneloux. He is a highly educated, and well respected priest in the town of Oran. Father Paneloux is first mentioned in the novel helping the concierge, M. Michel, at Dr. Rieux's apartment building. The concierge was sick and Father Paneloux was helping him to his bed (17). Father Paneloux worked at various places during the epidemic. Utilizing his education, he helped at the Oran Geographical Society and gave educational lectures about historic plagues (92). After the first month of the epidemic, Father Paneloux gave a dramatic sermon at the town's church at a high Sunday mass (95-99). Paneloux believed the plague was sent by God on the people of the town as punishment for their sins (92). The people had different responses to the sermon. Many rebelled against the church and dropped their beliefs, and others just ignored it (100). Father Paneloux thinks the plague opens men's eyes and forces them to think. He finds a positive side to the prevailing disease (125). Up until this part of the novel, Father Paneloux is depicted as a rigid man, and is not a very pleasant character. At this point, Father Paneloux's emotional side shines through. Father Paneloux witnesses a torturous death of the son of M. Othon, a magistrate. The boy was given an experimental serum that prolonged his death. Paneloux pleaded with God to spare the child during his drawn out, discouraging death (216-219). After the child's death Paneloux had a talk with Dr. Rieux about death and grace, and the link between God and doctors (218-219). Paneloux soon joined Dr. Rieux's band of workers and stayed at hospitals and places with plague (220). Paneloux wrote an essay titled, Is a Priest justified in Consulting a Doctor? (220) He gave a sermon about the essay at a mass for men, in which he asked Dr. Rieux to attend. This sermon was much gentler and had a more thoughtful tone than the first sermon. Father Paneloux said, we instead of you, which made it easy to identify with (222-228). The place at which Paneloux lived was requisitioned and used to help in the treatment of the plague. Paneloux moved in with a pious old lady (230). There he got sick, but insisted on not calling a doctor. The lady followed his request until she felt he desperately need medical attention(231). The doctor thought it was the plague. Rieux came to the house and took him to the hospital, after giving him his crucifix. Paneloux died in the hospital with no symptoms of plague except congestion. The doctors weren't sure if it was plague (231-234). REACTION: The Plague, by Albert Camus, is a vivid description of a horrid epidemic. The novel reveals the feelings of the people that experienced the disaster of living in a plague stricken tone. This novel appeals to the emotions of the reader, and leaves the reader thinking about love, death, and freedom. The Plague has a depressing theme, therefore the tone of the majority of the novel is somber. This novel teaches about coping with the loss of loved ones and friends. When Dr. Rieux got the news of the death of his wife, following the death of his friend Tarrou, he told his mother now to cry. He said it was hard, but he had to stay strong. This teaches a valuable lesson on coping with death. The most heartbreaking part in the novel was the passing of M. Othon's son in the hospital. This scene also revealed how to cope with death. The different men who witnessed the death, showed how different people deal with death. This scene also added an element of religion when Father Paneloux pleaded with God to spare the child. The Plague is a captivating book, but the plot is dismal. The death of the most interesting character, Tarrou, was disappointing, but it revealed how one may feel in losing a close friend to a disease. The excerpts from Tarrou's journal were fascinating, and humorous at some points. They lightened the tone just enough to preserve the effect, but keep the novel from being entirely depressing. ALLEGORY: An allegory is defined as: The representation of spiritual, moral, or other abstract meanings through the actions of fictional characters that serve as symbols. The Plague is an example of an allegory. The characters each had their own symbolic meaning in the book, and the plot had meaning as well. The entire plague epidemic was a representation of WWII and the holocaust. The way in which the epidemic was not disposed of in the very beginning due to the inhabitant's inactiveness, represents the Nazi party. They weren't taken seriously in the beginning, until the party grew into great proportions. The holocaust comes in when everyone starts dying. They use the crematorium, which is very holocaust like. Also, just as in the holocaust, people started to become benign to the dying. They ignored it, just as some non-Jewish, non-Nazi Germans did. The Plague is a commentary on WWII. Summer Reading Project 