Book Report: Star Wars: X-Wing: Wedges Gamble Author: Michael A. Stackpole Characters: Lieutenant Corran Horn: The main character of the book. Hes an ex-security man (a police force called CorSec) from the planet Corellia. Finally after going through the galaxy under aliases he joins Rogue Squadron to fight the Empire. He fights for freedom, but his main vendetta is more personal. He went into CorSec because his father did before him. An Imperial Intelligence Officer was also stationed there that had authority over that CorSec office. When he and his father were in a cantina in Corellia, his father was shot and killed before his very eyes. Corran hunted the murderers down and apprehended them. However the Imperial Intelligence Officer in charge, Kirtan Loor, freed them. Since then Corran had no respect for the Empire. He is the best pilot in the squadron, except for Wedge Antilles and Tycho Celchu. He proves to be resourceful and an excellent fighter pilot. Hes got a resourceful R2 droid, nicknamed Whistler, too. Commander Wedge Antilles: The leader of Rogue Squadron. He formed the squadron with Luke Skywalker after the first Death Star was destroyed, since he and Luke were the only X-wing pilots left after the battle. He proves to be a strong leader knowing how to treat his squadron. Since Rogue Squadron is known to be a threat to the Empire so he has to train his pilots to be the very best. Hes highly charismic. Sometimes has a rough time with a few of his superiors. He is the best pilot in the squadron. He has survived countless battles and entanglements with Imperial ships and fighters. He had to reform the squadron because only 4 of the original pilots remained since Luke and Wedge formed the squadron. Luke went to start reforming the Jedi. The other two went to go train other squadrons. Wedge is now faced with the problem of liberating Coruscant. He forges a commando-undercover type operation to infiltrate and liberate Coruscant. Ysanne Isard, Director of Imperial Intelligence: She controls whats left of the Empire. Some Admirals proclaimed themselves warlords and took their local planets. Isard has all the rest. She rests upon Coruscant, Imperial Center. A planet that is purely made up of a city. Her nickname is Iceheart because one of her eyes is icy blue and the other is molten red. She got her position as head of Intelligence by turning her own father in as a rebel sympathizer. Rumor had that she was a mistress to Emperor Palpatine. She is ruthless and unforgiving. She has a plan that will hopefully bring down Rogue Squadron and the rest of the Rebel Alliances New Republic. Her plans now are to let the capital of the Empire, Coruscant, fall to the New Republic. The catch is though she will unleash a virus that only effects non-humans. This will weaken the trust of humans and non-humans, hurting the New Republic. Also the virus can be cured by a substance known as bacta, but only in large quantities. This will greatly cause economic and social stress for the price of bacta is high and is only manufactured on a certain planet. Kirtan Loor, Intelligence Agent: The bad guy who has a vendetta against Corran Horn. Hes smart and witty but his ego about his smarts is a weak point and that makes him turn out to be stupid. Isards number one agent. He helps prepare the virus and makes sure Rogue Squadron does not liberate until the production of the virus is complete. He also has a spy in the squadron that is feeding him info to help retard the capturing the planet. The identity of the spy is not known. Settings: Mostly takes place on Coruscant, which is like a planet that is almost entirely a city. Slums, and more high-class buildings are within the scenery. Plot: Now that the New Republic has liberated Borleias, a planet very close to Coruscant, they aim to somehow liberate it. They go through plans and ideas of trying to take it. They come up with a plan that will cause the least bloodshed. They make Rogue Squadron go as a in undercover to somehow find a plan to take down Coruscants planetary shields. After the shields are down the New Republic Fleet will invade and liberate the planet. The catch is though Isard wants the New Republic to take over the planet. She is secretly making a virus that slowly kills non-human races experience every single type of pain before they finally turn into a pile of bones and rotted flesh. Will the New Republic liberate Coruscant before Isard can unleash the cesspool virus? Authors Style: His style was a point of view type. He switched from different points of view from around 3 or 4 characters. The vocabulary was not very artistic, but it was an action book so his words clearly put a fighting scene in my head and how every move was. Theme and significance of title: The title represented an elite fighter pilot squadron and thats what it was. It was a great action-adventure, sci-fi book. 
Book Review We Are Our Mothers Daughters News correspondent Cokie Roberts, author of a meaningful book titled We are Our Mothers Daughters, published in 1998, call number 001-170, discusses significant issues facing women today in her book. She takes her readers on a personal and political journey, exploring the diverse roles women have played throughout American history and the connections and distinctions among different generations of women. On a personal level, each essay is an introduction to several of the fascination women Roberts has encountered during the course of her reporting career; she also relates powerful and moving life stories about the women in her life, like her mother former Congresswoman Lindy Boggs. Roberts style is unique. Roberts takes you through intimate stories of extraordinary women; these women become the beginning for more extensive discussions of womens position in politics, business, motherhood, and marriage, as well as other issues. Roberts examines the nature of womens roles, from mother to mechanic, sister to soldier, from her personal experience. Roberts is very sincere to her feelings in her writing in this book. I felt just as she was happy or sad. She begins her writing with the intense story of her sister, whom dies from cancer at a young age. The story of her mothers life as a politician next. Roberts also, wrote about an aunt of hers, a soldier, mechanic, friend, reporter, civil rights activist, wife, and an enterpriser. She concludes her book by her last chapter titled A Womens Place. She discusses all the important roles of the women she wrote about and how they tie together. A womens place is everywhere and anywhere in todays world. She worked her writing by writing about the women that were close to her and extended from there to other fascinating women she encountered in her career. Roberts dedicated a chapter to each women she wrote about. This book from my view is sensitive, strait forward, and perceptive. It also shows such a diversity of choices and perspectives available to women today and greatly affirms the bond of females powerful inter connection among all women, whatever their background. I would suggest anyone interested in where a women belong and the history of women should read this selection. Its just one of those bookes, where from start to end you might cry or laugh. I garuntee when you begin to read, you will not want to stop till you have read the entire book. 
Through the duration of Heathcliffs life, he encounters many tumultuous events that affects him as a person and transforms his rage deeper into his soul, for which he is unable to escape his nature. From the beginning of the novel and most likely from the beginning of Heathcliffs life, he has suffered pain and rejection. When Mr. Earnshaw brings him to Wuthering Heights, he is viewed as a thing rather than a child. Mrs. Earnshaw was ready to fling it out the doors, while Nelly put it on the landing of the stairs hoping that it would be gone the next day. Without having done anything to deserve rejection, Heathcliff is made to feel like an outsider. Following the death of Mr. Earnshaw, Heathcliff suffers cruel mistreatment at the hands of Hindley. In these tender years, he is deprived of love, friendship, and education, while the treatment from jealous Hindley is barbaric and disrupts his mental balance. He is separated from the family, reduced to the status of a servant, undergoes regular beatings and forcibly separated from his soul mate, Catherine. The personality that Heathcliff develops in his adulthood has been formed in response to these hardships of his childhood. The final sense of alienation and the most implicating occurs with Catherines marriage to Edgar, Heathcliff considers this a betrayal of his love for her, since she wants the social status and existence at the Grange. Heathcliff is however proud and determined and does not cower when opposed by those consider themselves to be superiors. Finally, when he realizes that Catherine has chosen status, wealth and position over him, he disappears for three years and returns in the manner of a gentleman. As he returns to Wuthering Heights, he is engulfed with this passion to revenge himself on all those who have abused him as a child. He ruins Hindley by encouraging his excessive drinking and gambling. His revenge is also directed towards Edgar Linton, whom he sees as having stolen Catherine from him. His sullen, vengeful, cruel and impatient characteristics still exist, which have been present since childhood, but have grown deeper. He is, in reality, a man torn between love and hate. Since his depths of his passions, he hates as deeply as he loves. As Heathcliff approaches death and a reunion of Catherine, he no longer has an interest for revenge. He falls deeply into a spiritual torment. Heathcliff is a many faced character, in his early years he is characterizes by his hot temper, his irritability, his fierce attachment to Catherine and his limit for hatred. The adult Heathcliff, who returns to Wuthering Heights after a three year absence, is a powerful villain driven by revenge, distorted by the sense of the wrongs done to him and made emotionally unstable by Catherines marriage. This later Heathcliff is characterized by coldness by an incapacity to love and ultimately by consuming passion for revenge against those who have abused him and for connection with his beloved Catherine. Just as he begins life, he ends life as an unloved, lonely outsider. 
Is There a Real God Rick Raisch 2nd Hour 5/17/00 Ideative Essay On: When Bad Things Happen to Good People There have been many times in life when I have turned to a God with problems and wanted answers or solutions and received nothing. When this happens I take the time to reflect and ask myself, Why, when I do some many good things, do I not receive any answers or solutions to my problems? The book When Bad Things Happen to Good People, written by Harold S. Kushner, has brought some answers to my problems. This book explained and help clarify why even though I am not a bad person, that sometimes bad things are bound to happen. When Kushner wrote this book I feel that the meaning of his writings were that God does not mean to punish us, he just means to test us and present us with problems and see how we react to them. As put best he wrote, The God I believe in does not send us the problem; he gives us the strength to cope with it.(127). Kushner makes many references to the bible and his belief in a higher power, God. I personally may not think there can be one and only one God but I do believe in a higher being or power and I like how Kushner makes sure to point out that he is not calling it the God but his God. It shows an almost non-biast opinion and it shows a lot of respect towards all groups of people. I remember one time specifically when my great-grandpa recently passed away I turned to God for answers. Instead of getting an answer I got more problems. My great-grandma and grandma both had strokes, my long-standing girlfriend and I broke up, my parents got split up and divorced, along with all of the other normal problems that go on in live that we, as humans, have learned to expect in everyday life. My belief in one and only one God diminished. I felt that there was no one up there looking out for me and then in reading this book answered a bunch of my questions on why God didnt give me any specific answers. It showed me that perhaps God has given me the strength to move on and realize that everything will go on and how to cope with everything. Kushner also had a good point in saying that, Could it be that God does not cause bad things that happen to us?.....but rather stands ready to help them?(29-30). I agree with what he is saying in this quote. My God helped me through those rough times just like his God helped him through everything that was going on with his son. Even though the person that meant the most to him was suffering of a bad disease, and eventually passed away, he trusted in God and understood what God was doing and that everything that happened was a test and made things better in the long run. He understood and helped me understand that God does everything for a reason and has a master plan that he wants each of us to abide by and to follow. This book gave me a lot of insight on life and what everything means to me and what I should expect with life. Even though I do not believe in the same God as Kushner, I still believe that there is a more powerful being up there watching over us and making sure that we are ready to experience an enlightening afterlife. I thought that Kushner did a good job of not offending me in the fact that he had a wider opinion on God and his beliefs and not being narrow-minded about the fact that people are different in their opinions. 
Winston and Julia: an unlikely pair Ever since the fist time Winston laid eyes on Julia he really didnt like her all that much. What would bring two very contrary persons together? Julia is a vibrant young woman that is a member of an anti-sex league. To Winston, Julia looks like a stuck up girl with important things to do. On the other hand, Winston is a rather old man that isnt exactly the greatest looking guy in the world. Sometime into the novel Winston suspects that Julia may be following him. Winston figures that she is a spy, while she was following him he even considered killing her by taking a cobblestone and clubbing her head with it. A little later in the novel, Winston sees Julia trip and fall in the hallway, when he helps her up she slips him a piece of paper that read I love you. Winston tried to find some time to meet up with Julia. Time eventually passed and Winston began to wonder if Julia had changed her mind about what she wrote. During lunch one day Winston saw Julia sitting by herself in the middle of the cafeteria. He sat down and they began to talk secretly underneath their breath. Julia came up with an elaborate plan to meet up secretly later on. Later, Julia and Winston meet up in the Proles district. While they were together Winston found out that Julia was a lot like himself even though they appear to be completely opposite. Julia and Winston discovered that they both indulge in pleasures of the flesh and normal human pleasures, that is what brought them together. 
Intentionally plagiarised File You should find many words in common with the files: ecu201.txt hal10.txt tyc12.txt There are several types of foolishness being described in the Pardoner's Tale itself. He describes gluttony in general, then specifically wine. He talks of gambling, taking bets and the like, and of swearing. The beginning of his tale describes three fools who go foolishly seeking death, then find it in a large amount of gold. Deception is another topic addressed by the Pardoner. He comes right out and says he is a con artist, and that he is out to take people's money. In his tale, deception by the rioters leads to the death of all three. These are good points, but there is another deception the Pardoner plays, and gets caught. His tale is a direct chastisement of the host, Harry Bailey, who is not pleased by this. As a whole, Chaucer effectively uses this character of the Pardoner to point out some of the more foolish and deceptive aspects of other characters in the tales as well. In the beginning, the narrator describes the Pardoner in some quite undesirable terms. The Pardoner represents the ugly truth. The Knight is grand, the Wife is pretty, but the Pardoner is downright ugly. He is also the only pilgrim to acknowledge his shortcomings. He knows he is a con artist and a liar, and in his tale's prologue he freely admits this in both words and actions. The Pardoner then proceeds with the tale itself, which is a deception as well. In his tale he describes gluttony in detail and defines it as not just overeating, but the intense pleasure of doing so. He also denounces wine with graphic examples of drunkenness. He discusses the negative merits of swearing and cursing. Then, he closes the tale itself with a condemnation of gambling. Global change has become a popular word in scientific debates on long-range structural change in the earths ecology. Globalization has in the past played a major role in the controversial environmental debates. Many problems resulted in this area of discussion, in regard to the intricate linkages between globalization, government, trade and transport, and environmental decay. The current debate on the environmental effects of globalization is particularly concerned with the question whether a worldwide liberalization of trade may provoke environmental collapse. Three major environmental concerns related to trade are the domestic environmental effects caused by the use of imported products, the foreign environmental effects caused by the production of exported goods, and the environmental effects caused by transport movements needed for international trade. In a democratic society, the citizens presume the right to make laws that reflect their deepest values, yet this is no longer the case. With the emergence of the World Trade Organization (WTO), democracy has been abandoned. It no longer matters what the democratic societies want, but what the global corporations want. Created in 1994, the WTO is already among the most powerful, reserved, undemocratic bodies on earth. It has been granted with vast powers, which include the right to judge whether laws of nations are impairments to trade, by WTO standards. They rule laws concerning public health, food safety, small business, labor standards, culture, human rights, and other social and economic procedures (Krugman and Obstfeld 23). If any of these laws proved to be harming to trade, the WTO can demand their nullification, or enforce very harsh sanctions. Trade should be a tool to achieve shared human aspirations, to improve standards living and to enhance the quality of life. Trade rules should not provide a license to degrade the world or force it to trade away those things that value the most, like clean air, clean water, wild life, and wild places (30). In Thomas Hardy's Tess of the Durbervilles, Tess worked in two extremely differentiating places. Both Talbothay's and Flintcomb Ash represented a time in her life whether it be favorable or horrid. Both of these spots contributed a deep meaning to the novel. The happiest days of Tess's life were spent on a dairy farm called Talbothay's. It was there that she met Angel Claire, with whom she had desperately fallen in love with and married. Talbothay's was used as a symbol of grandeur in Tess's life. It was there where she found meaning in her life for the first time in the novel and became content with herself. However, it all came to an abrupt end when she married Angel and told him of her affair with her cousin Alex. Angel was devastated and left her to fend for herself. This is when her life got much harder. Through a friend, she got a job working for Flintcomb Ash. It was a physically exhausting job, in which she had utter hatred for. While there she ran into her cousin Alex. This only worsened her terrible state of mind. From then on she longed for the days with Angel at Talbothay's. Talbothay's and Flintcomb Ash differ extremely in their descriptions. Talbothay's was a Utopia in Tess's life. It was depicted with luscious greenery and rolling hills. It was located in the Vale of Froom, which was known for its rich and fertile soil. There nothing could bother tess. Flintcomb Ash was a barren wastelan characterized by misery and pain. It was a cruel place in which Tess spent the worst days of her life. There she found the meaning of true wretchedness, but at the same time began to appreciate her days at Talbothay's. The descriptions Hardy used to depict the two places were central to the meaning of the work. The descriptive writing lets tthe reader not only see both places, but feel them as well. This allows the reader to find apathy for Tess's situation and take pity on her. The contrast made between talbothay's and Flintcomb Ash was used to symbolize the enormous conflict Tess's life dealt with. Through this type of writing the reader begins to see that no matter how bad a person might think they have it, someone else has always got it worse. The sun was setting. Far to the east, threatening black clouds arose from the fumes of pollution from the several smoke stacks towering over the city. The streets were pock marked and dented with the recent shower of acid rain. Hot boiling steam from the sewers made the temperature of day much hotter than it really was. Just outside the borders of the city is a lake covered with muck and crude oil spills. Death and despair floated aimlessly on the surface of the unhospitable body of water. Corpses of dead fish, seagulls... bobbed just under the rim of the black slime. The black slime sensing fresh prey, extended it's corrupt and revolting tendrils farther...until it caught another unsuspecting victim, choking and engulfing, destroying, leaving just another emtpy shell behind, devoid of any life. Night set in, the stars were obscured by thick blankets of smoke. The day was done. Stores got ready to lock up and street lights were turned on to aid the bread winners, so they may travel safely. Few were fortunate enough to own automobiles so they could avoid the cold dangerous streets and dark alleyways. Most shops were already abandoned, finished for the day. Yet few doors were still open, desperate for any last minute customers. One such shopkeeper was Phil Anderson. Anderson had worked as a pharmacist for most of his life. At forty, he had little to show for. The pollution that caused the gradual decay of the city had had negative effects on business, as well as the environment. Phil, though by all means not an old man, showed signs of premature aging. His skin was pale and dry, wrinkled by the everyday punishment of the deteriorating sorroundings. Few strands of grayish white hair lined his almost bald, dandruff infested scalp. Looking at Phil with his characteristic limp, slouched posture and bulging belly one might think him an extremely unathletic person. But then again it was not entirely his fault. His eyes were red and bloodshot, the glasses he wore only made these features more obvious. With shaking skinny hands, Phil slowly put away the last of the items on top of the counter. Finally done, he flicked off the lights and rummaged through his pockets for his keys. Looking one last time to make sure the shop was in order, Phil locked up the store and left. He failed t o notice a dark shadow spying on him as he counted the bills he had earned today, and put it away into his black leather wallet. The tall dark figure studied the pharmacist a while longer before trailing him. The narrow dirty street smelled of weeks old garbage and animal wastes. Smog was still thick in the air causing him to cough repeatedly. He stopped for a moment to catch his breath. Remembering his air filter in his pocket, Phil gingerly took it out and put it on. Feeling much better Phil continued down the street, heaving a sigh of relief. Bibliography none 
Barrett Great Books 1 Dr. Carcache 11 December 2000 The Pardoner's Tale: Deception and Foolishness There are several types of foolishness being described in the Pardoner's Tale itself. He describes gluttony in general, then specifically wine. He talks of gambling, taking bets and the like, and of swearing. The beginning of his tale describes three fools who go foolishly seeking death, then find it in a large amount of gold. Deception is another topic addressed by the Pardoner. He comes right out and says he is a con artist, and that he is out to take people's money. In his tale, deception by the rioters leads to the death of all three. These are good points, but there is another deception the Pardoner plays, and gets caught. His tale is a direct chastisement of the host, Harry Bailey, who is not pleased by this. As a whole, Chaucer effectively uses this character of the Pardoner to point out some of the more foolish and deceptive aspects of other characters in the tales as well. In the beginning, the narrator describes the Pardoner in some quite undesirable terms. The Pardoner represents the ugly truth. The Knight is grand, the Wife is pretty, but the Pardoner is downright ugly. He is also the only pilgrim to acknowledge his shortcomings. He knows he is a con artist and a liar, and in his tale's prologue he freely admits this in both words and actions. The Pardoner then proceeds with the tale itself, which is a deception as well. In his tale he describes gluttony in detail and defines it as not just overeating, but the intense pleasure of doing so. He also denounces wine with graphic examples of drunkenness. He discusses the negative merits of swearing and cursing. Then, he closes the tale itself with a condemnation of gambling. There are several things going on here. The first, and most obvious hypocrisy is before telling this tale, the Pardoner insisted on stopping at an inn for food and beer. He is also a participant in a bet: he who tells the best story wins. However, there is another level. This tale is a retaliation against the host, who just before asking the Pardoner to speak had been cursing and talking about using beer as medicine to mend his broken heart. It can be suspected that the host is drunk, as well. Several things from the tale upset the host. He is the owner of a tavern, encouraging food and drink. He himself likes to partake of these things. He also swears often, and from the General Prologue, we know the host was the one to propose the storytelling game in the first place. So, at the end of the Pardoner's Tale, when the Pardoner suggests, our Host shall begin, for hes the man enveloped most by sin (1585.457-458), it is in direct response to the insult the host made at the beginning of the Pardoners tale. This nearly starts a physical fight, but the Knight steps in to stop any further confrontation. The Pardoner's tale may have been aimed at the host, but it also describes much of the rest of the pilgrimage. After all, the group met at a tavern, they agreed to this storytelling game or bet, and some of them have been drunk for much of the trip thus far. Indeed, the sins listed in the tale do seem to apply to most of the characters. In this way, he seems to be telling the truth in some way in regards to everyone. The Prioress and Monk like their food, the Miller likes his ale, the Wife of Bath likes her money, and so on. What sets him aside is he does admit this himself. He admits in his Prologue to being a con artist and always willing to have a drink. The Pardoner is possibly the epitome of the ugly truth about people. Truth is sexless and has some charming characteristics, but when used as a reflection of one's self, most people do not like what they see. The Pardoner offers his listeners a chance to redeem themselves. Not through his relics, but by acknowledging these undesirable aspects in their own selves. It seems at the end of his tale the Pardoner is hawking his relics as redemption, even though he knows they are fake. He also realizes everyone else knows they are fake. Did he forget this fact? It does not seem reasonable for a person so quick of wit (as evidenced in the introduction to The Pardoner's Tale) should forget so suddenly. It does make sense, however, for him to use this opportunity to thumb his nose. Not only does he thumb his nose at the host, but also to everyone else. This passage is very cynical, as when the Pardoner offers to give pardons as they ride; have a new, fresh pardon if you like at the end of every mile of road we strike (1585.444-445). If the other travelers fall for his relics trick, they are fools. A fool and his money are easily parted (thus bringing up the Pardoners tendency to be a con artist). Does the Pardoner as a character know this? In his prologue, he offers just enough information to allow him to use his wits and speech to attack a person in his tale who has offended him earlier in the journey. The Pardoner is not an example of what a good person should be, and he knows this. While he preaches salvation and redemption, he is honest with the group about being in it for the perks. What sets him aside from the other pilgrims and their tales is he knows and admits this. He is a scoundrel, he is a con artist, and he is a thief of sorts. No one likes him and he finds it hard to like himself. In his Prologue, he makes it clear that his intention, when preaching to the masses, is to win money. He intentionally tells stories to emphasize money as the root of all evil (Radix malorum est cupiditas), and his tale shows this trait well. Since he has already told them his secret, this tale is for their enjoyment, and to satisfy his part of the bet. The story he tells of the rioters and Death is interesting to analyze as well. It is fairly easy to remember the plot and the consequences. It emphasizes making and breaking promises, greed, ill will towards others, and the consequences of these actions. The Pardoner's reason for using this story is to encourage ignorant people to not want their money. After the story, he gives them the opportunity to not just get rid of it, but to get something else as well--absolution for their sins. Regardless of his intentions, he must occasionally accomplish a good work, but he really doesn't care. He's in it for the money. Chaucer has created in the Pardoner a very complicated character. He is ugly, honest to the point of being rude, sensitive to insult but not empathic, very intelligent, and well aware of his situation. The Pardoner knows he would be a common laborer without those papal bulls. He knows the text he is preaching and is aware of its effects on the uneducated, but he doesn't believe it. He preaches salvation and redemption, but sees through it. He can offer his relics to the masses, but who pardons the Pardoner? In many ways he is a very modern character--disillusioned with religion, using what means he has to make as much money as he can, trying to attain a higher rank in life. Sounds to me like how a lot of us act (me included) much of the time. 
Every man put on trial is considered innocent until proven guilty. In 12 Angry Men this theory can almost be considered false to the jurors involved in this murder case. But one man can be credited with sticking to the innocent until proven guilty theory that most likely saved a man&#8217;s life. This juror must show 11 other jurors that he can prove with enough valid evidence that this boy is be wrongfully accused of killing his father. Reginald Rose shows us how that one mans integrity can prove to make a big difference in a kid&#8217;s life. Juror #8 can be credited with saving someone&#8217;s life. Under intense and hostile scrutiny juror #8 is the only juror to vote not guilty on the stabbing death of a boy&#8217;s father. #8 doesn&#8217;t believe straight out that this boy is innocent of this crime. #8 believes that it would wrong to send a boy off to be executed without discussing it first. Jurors #3 and #10 are the most hostile of the jurors. They believe deep down that this boy killed his father. They believe that everything they heard in the courtroom holds true and they don&#8217;t really want to see this kid live any longer. Juror #8 still had reasonable doubt about the murder. He doesn&#8217;t want to vote guilty until he has enough evidence that this boy did indeed kill his father. Many different points are made about the boy who supposedly stabbed his father, that are cross examined well by juror #8 who still stands alone at not guilty. All of the evidence that the 11 jurors found contains flaws in them. For instance the woman who supposedly witnessed the stabbing wasn&#8217;t wearing her glasses. Also the stab wound in the boys father was made so that a taller man or boy could have made that type of wound with a switchblade knife. When these key pieces of evidence becomes clearer to the 11 jurors we start to see jurors questioning there own guilty vote. #9 is the second juror to vote guilty, because he too has some reasonable doubt. As more evidence is put on the table the 12 jurors come together and decide that this boy is innocent. In conclusion, juror #8 believes that every person is innocent until proven guilty. He was given many pieces of key evidence that showed this boys guilt but the evidence was examined carefully, and as more evidence was put out more jurors believed this boy was indeed innocent bringing them all together to believe this boys innocence Bibliography don't got one 
1984 -George Orwell SUNDAY, NOV 14, 1993 Summary Chapter 1 and 2 We are introduced to Winston Smith the main character of the story. Works at Ministry of truth. Ministry of truth is one of four government buildings in destroyed London, the main city of Airstrip One, a province of Oceania. Year is 1984 and three contries are at war, Oceania, Eurasia and Eastasia. Oceania is run by the party whose leader is Big Brother. Winston is sick of his life in the ruined city and decides to keep a diary. This is against the law in Oceania. He felt his feelings begin to hate Emmanuel Goldstein, leader of the enemy party. He also spots O'Brien, a party leader whose eyes he see's a bit of political sympthy. See's young girl who he dislikes. He feels it is only a matter of time before his though crimes are detected. A knock at the door he thinks is police. Mrs. Parsons, his neighbor is at the door and asked him to unclog a sink. He does it but smells sweat all over the apartment. Mrs. Parsons is a follower of party doctrine and a fellow employee at the ministry. The children are members of Spies, a youth that encourages spying and telling on traitors, including parents. Winston is revolted. He returns home and writes a couple more minutes before going back to work. He remenbers a dream where O'Brien tole him he would meet him in a place wher there is no darkness. He washes his hands and hides the diary Reaction Major ideas, conflicts and themes are introduced. We are shown how the earth has changed, into 3 main contenients. we are also introduced to the main character and how he fits into the new world. Also we are shown how the computer age has taken over peoples minds. The language is easy to understand, it has not really changed much over time. Seems like nothing left after nuclear war, just ruins remaining. We are introduced to Tom Parsons which Winston is contrasted with. The city is very drab. Quotes Big brother is watching you, the caption beneath it said Thoughtcrime was not a thing that could be concealed for ever. 1984 -George Orwell MONDAY, NOV 15, 1993 Summary Chapter 3,4 and 5 Waking from dreams, he remembers his mother and sister, and can barely remember their disappearence and feels responsible for there deaths. He has another dream where he is in the perfect countryside with the girl he had noticed eariler. He dreamed she stripped for him. This time he is woken up by the telescreen, telling him to do his exercises. He thinks about how much power the Party has over all information. Begins work at the ministry of truth. His job is to correct printed articles in line with the Party's orders. The Ministry and records department jobs are to rewrite history to make the party look good. They get a break because of the 2 minute hate. When he gets back he replaces a speech by Big Brother with invented history. Makes up story about a man named Ogilvy. The article had become contrary to the present party policy. It is replaced as though is never existed. Winston meets Syme, a philologist, for lunch. Syme explains parts about Newspeak. They are joined by Parsons. Winston thinks of the fate that each co-worker will recieve. Syme will be vapourized because he is to smart, where Parsons is dull enough to escape vapourization. He is the only one who has not been taken over by the propaganda that is always being brodcast. He notices the same girl from the other day starring at him and thinks it is the thought police. Reaction The Golden country that he dreams about is definatly a release or a freedom from the the drabness of London. Also from the party. We are introduced to the fact that he has no mother or father or sisters or brothers anymore because they were taken by the party. He is realizing that he is rebelling against the party and he understands that he is at risk. Winston is in search of the truth and is concerned because of the party's ability to change history. We find that he likes his work even though it is for the party and against morals. He is introduced to the girl that will play a big part in the book most likely. Quotes People in the Records Department did not talk readily about there jobs. Winstons greatest pleasure in life was his work 1984 -George Orwell TUESDAY, NOV 16, 1993 Summary Chapter 6,7 and 8 He records in his diary and encounter a couple of years ago with a prostiture mad up to look young, but was really and old woman. This menory of the encounter causes him to think of the policy regarding sex and marriage which the party has enforced. Thsi causes him to theink of his miserable life with his wife Katherine, that he has not seen in eleven years. Winston resents the intrusinon of the Party into the sex lives of its members. Also realizes the discouragement of sexual enjoyment, that makes any love affair with a party member impossible. Writing down the incident does not help him. He makes another entry in his diary, this one concerning the proles. He feels they are the only group that might overthrough the party, but they are unaware of it. There is no way of finding the truth about the past but he does think that present life is worse than the past. He remembers a photo that came into his possession trying to change the pastbut he destroyed it. He plans to stay free. After work one evening, he wonders into the prole end of London, and ends up near the store where he bought the diary. Follows man into pub and plans to ask him about revolution but man is incoherent. He leaves the pub and wanders. He ends up outside the little antique shop and decides to buy a glass paperweight. Mr. Charrington shows him a room upstairs and Winston dreams of renting it. He notices a dark haired girl following himand he is sure it is the thought police and he will be arrested. Reaction We discover that people have a bond when it comes to sexuallity that the party connot control. Even thought the party rejects sexual relationships between its members. Sexual experience is no longer allowed in the society and Winston longs for one. He confesses in his Diary about his last expereince but it does not help. We find he has faith in the proles and there ability to revolt. It is hard to set up a revolt with the thought police detecting every thought. Winston reaches a crises with the thought police. Quotes Winston reached down and cautiously scratched his varicose ulcer Not a word could ever be proved or disproved 1984 -George Orwell THURSDAY, NOV 18,1993 Summary Part 2, Chapter 1,2 and 3 At work he runs into the dark haired girl again, in the hallway. She falls and while he is lifting her up she slips him a note. He reads it at his desk and is amazed to find that it simple states, I love you. Eager and excited to meat with her, he has to wait 7 days until they eat together in the cafeteria. They decide to meet in Victory square. When meeting there, they arrange another meeting next sunday afternoon. At the designated meeting place, in the countryside outside London, he finally learns her name. Julia explains that she considers herself rebelious to the party. She has had sex with many other non-members. Suddenly he walks into the scene exactly like his dreem. She removes her clothes and they have sex. He belives that sexual desire may be the force that destroys the party. Following there secret meeting they meet each othe occasionally. Julie arranges the meetings. They go a month without seeing each other but whenever they can before and after. She belives that she must pretend to cooperate with the party and in secret break the rules whenever possible. Winston thinks that rebellion is the best answer. They discuss past girl and boyfriends and how the party controls them. Reaction He is ready for the Julia but is worried about a possible trap. His negative approach to life and his sexual fustration make him ready anyhow. Once he commits to her he connot go back and he is committing though crimes. This may be the beginning of the end. He was happy to find that she was not a virgin and had previous affairs. His idea of revolt is changed and he now is enjoying being corrupted. Julia takes charge of the relationship, showing her aggressivness. She does not believe in Winstons ideas on rebellion and thinks that differently. Quotes A sense of helplessness took hold of Winston Between you and me, the antique trade's just about finished 1984 -George Orwell THURSDAY, NOV 18, 1993 Summary Chapter 4,5,6 and 7 Winston does rent the room above the antique show and realizes the foolishness of what he and Julia are doing. She brings him coffee and real sugar and real old-fashioned make-up. Julie tries to remember an old nursry rhyme, while Winston immagines that he and Julia and the room itself were all closed in like the paperweight. Many preperations for the upcoming hate week keep Winston, Julia and the others very busy. Winston discovers that his friend Syme has dissappeared and all records of him have been altered. Meanwhile, Parsons is still busy and happy in the preperations for hate week. He was right about them. Because of the increased work load he and Julia do not meet as much but in the room above the antique shop they look at things from the past and other forbidden things. They discuss the hopelessness of there private rebellion and that it cannot go on forever. He is dissappointed that Julie does not reject propaganda from the partyand her theroy that the party sends bombs on itself. One day at work O'Brien gives Winston his address and asked him to stop by so tha he can lend him an advance copy of the Newspeak dictionary. Winstonthinks this is a conspiracy against the party and is excited but, thinks it will end in touture and death. Winston dreams of his mother again and the hunger and awful conditions there were before the disappearence. He feals bad for asking for rationed food and stealing his sisters choclate. When he came back they were gone. Winston tries to tell her but she is tired. He is glad him and her have there own feeling toward each other. Reaction He rents room above the antique shop showing his independence and his plunge into the end. He wishes the room could be closed in like the paperweight. We find out how different the two main characters are. The state does not care what kind of person you you are. Julia understanding of the party is much better that Winston although she is nieve to many things that the party does. Winston defines his rebellion in three steps, first the thought then the word(Diary) then the act(Julia). O'Brien seems to be a good man, also in rebellion. His mother was like him. Quotes The timy interior of the shop ws in fact uncomfortably full, but there was almost nothing in it of the slightest value A sharp cry of pain was wrung out of her 1984 -George Orwell SATURDAY, NOV 20, 1993 Summary chapter 8,9 and 10 Winston takes Julia to the O'Briens apartment. He wonderes is O'Brien is also a rebel because he finds him in front of the telescreen, hard at work. Over toast he explains to Winston what is required of the secret rebel brotherhood. They except the terms of the menbership except that they will never see each other ever again. O'Brien promises to be given a copy of Emmanuel Goldstein's book, secretly in the future. After a long week, of sorting through millions of documents, changing them to prove that the Party's decision that Easstasia, and not Eurasia, was the enemy that they have been fighting all along. He rushes home to read the copy of the book. He reads while lying back and relaxing. Julia falls asleep when he tries to read her sections of it. When they awake from there sleep they start talking, but a voice issues from behind the picture on the wall. It is a hidden telescreen which instructs them not to move. They are rushed by armed guards. The Thought Police had been observing them all along. Winston and Julia are violently seperated. Mr. Charrington enters the room without his disquise, looking much younger. He is a menber of the thought police. Reaction Winston thinks of O'Brein as a strong, unexcitable man. He is dedicated and wholeheartyu to the brotherhood. Winston joins the brotherhood and tells about his dreams. We understand about hate week a little more. Winston reads the book that is given to him by O'Brien. Winston and Julia get arrested. They find out that O'Brien was the enemy. There was a sorta feeling that O'Brien was the bad guy, and they would get cought sonner or later. Quotes He was a bit early The lane widened, and in a minute he came to the footpath she had told him of 1984 -George Orwell SATURDAY, NOV 20, 1993 Summary Part 3 Chapter 1 and 2 Winston is being held prisoner in a large, crowded cell at the Ministry of Love. Ampleforth and Parsons are both prisoners also. Parsons was tured in by his own daughter for thoughtcrime. He feels increased discomfort and room 101 is continually mentioned by several prisoners. O'Brien enters the cell with a guard and Winston now realized he has been betrayed by him. O'Brein is a member of the Inner Party. O'Brien orders the guard to strike Winston who feels a great deal of pain on his elbow. Winston is tortured both physically and mentally for an unknown length of time. He keeps getting interrogated with beations and questions until he confesses to many crimes. O'Brien reveals that he has been watching Winston for seven years. O'Brein wants total rehab. from Winston. O'Brien explains why the party can never be defeated. He has been informed that Julia quite easily betrayed him and has now been released totally rehabilitated. Winstons questions about room 101 is not answered. Reaction Finally he is caught by the thought police, which was inevidable since the beginning. He realizes that he has been betrayed by Julia and O'Brien. But he says he would never betray her. All time is lost while he is in jail. We is going to be rehabilitated and is taken to the dreded 101 for more mind games. Winston does not crack, except that O'Brien gets him to believe is a little crasy. Quotes Listen the more men you have had the more I love you We can come here once again 1984 -George Orwell SUNDAY, NOV 21, 1993 Summary Chapter 3 and 4 O'Brien tells Winston th esecond stage of his rehab. is about to begin- understanding the why in party. He also tells winston that he wrote sections of Goldstiens book. He says the Party rules for the sake of power, and power alone. The proles will never revolt. O'Brein questions him further and punishes him when he does not answer correctly. Winston says he is morally superior to the Party, but O'Brien has a tape of the conversation about what Winston was willing to do to join the brotherhood. Winston thinks that the party will be defeated by a noble man, but O'Brien shows Winston himself in the mirror. Winston weeps looking at his own aged and ghastly body. He conforts himself by thinking about how he never betrayed Julia. Winstons health is improving, and he is trying to accept the rightness of the party. He examines the past events and realilizes the party was in control the whole time. He realizes also that he party can make anything right if is wants to. He has to practice doublethinking. He wakes up from a troubled sleep, calling Julia's name. O'Brien enters his room and Winston confesses that he still hates Big Brother. He is sent to room 101. Reaction He had also looked to O'Brien for sanity and stength and kindness but now he sees what he really is a power-hungry guy who likes infliction of pain. He finds out he has been watched for 7 years. After being broken or cracked he still has the fact that he has not turned against Julia. They completely destroyed Winston and he has now entered the party. Quotes Have you heard the rumours of the existance of the brotherhood. The brotherhood cannot be wiped out because it is not an orgainization in the ordinary sense He was tired, but not sleepy any longer 1984 -George Orwell MONDAY, NOV 22, 1993 Summary Chapter 5 and 6 The torture room is brightly lit, room 101. O'Brien says that the room contains the worst thing in the world. It turns out to be rats in a cage which can be strapped over his face. Winston yells and screems and is overcome by the horror and the terror. He screams that this punnishment should be given to Julia and not him. O'Brien spares his life. Winston is then released. He is sitting under a tree at the Chestnut Tree Cafe. He drinks very heavily now. He remembers meeting Julia and how they talked about how they betrayed each other. The party would not allow them to see each other, but neither felt anything anymore. He remembers a game of his childhood but then it is pushed out by the broadcast that comes on the telescreen. Eurasia is once again the enemy. His heart fills with love for Big Brother. Reaction The party knows the worse nightmare of each person and is ble to use that against them. It worked on Winston. Finnally he gives in and the party has won. Quotes He did not attempt to kiss her, nor did they speek He loved Big Brother 
Nineteen Eighty Four Fictional World In English this semester we have studied three different texts. All three texts were based on original, fictional worlds. The fictional world which stood out above the rest and really amazed me would have to be Nineteen Eighty-Four. Nineteen Eighty-Four was the most realistic out of the three. While reading the novel you really get into the fictional world and think like the main character Winston Smith. Three aspects of the text which made this world so interesting to study were The Inner Party, Big Brother, and the Thought Police. Each of these interesting aspects in Nineteen Eighty Four play a great part in the novel itself and the way the fictional world works. The Inner Party played a huge role in creating the fascinating world in Nineteen Eighty Four. The Inner Party was in charge of Airstrip1 and wanted to be superior over everyone. They wanted the party to be the peoples first loyalty over anything else. They didnt allow marriage or even sex for this was an act of loyalty between two people and not to the party. An example of this is when Winston and Julia were caught having a sexual relationship and were taken away by the Thought Police. They were then made to betray eachother, love the Party, and to believe what ever the party said was true. The Party had control over everything even peoples minds. This was proved when O Brien held up four fingers and said to Winston how many fingers am I holding up? Winston replied Five. Big Brother also played a big role in creating the world which Nineteen Eighty-Four was based in. Big Brother is a figure, which the Party has created to frighten people and give them more power. The Party can do anything they like and when someone questions them they can just say there under orders from Big Brother. Big Brother is everywhere in every house (except proles), every street, wall, and he is always shouting out BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU the text which backs this up is when Winston describes that On each landing, opposite the lift shaft the poster with enormous face gazed from the wall. It was one of those pictures, which are so conceived that the eyes follow you about when you move. Big Brother is so important to the world in the novel because the figure stops thought crime, gives the people someone to look up to and someone to love, lets the Party tell the people anything they want and the people will believe it, such as propaganda. An example is when the party say Oceania is at war with Eurasia, Oceania has always been at war with Eurasia. The people automatically believe this. Newspeak is the official language of Oceania. It is supposed to take over common English in the year 2050. Newspeak is another important aspect in the creation of Oceania because it prevents Thought Crime. The purpose of Newspeak is to cancel out words such as rebel so that people wont know the word and therefore if they feel like rebelling against the party they wont know how to express their feelings. The compiler of the Newspeak dictionary Syme says Dont you see that the whole aim of newspeak is to narrow the range of thoughts which in the end we shall make thought crime literally impossible. Newspeak will also cut out words that have no use such as excellent or superb which are all different meanings of the word good, or double plus good instead of having all different words meaning the same thing. Syme said to Winston were cutting the language down to the bone. He then said, the purpose of the Newspeak Dictionary is to reduce the vocabulary so that even the concept of rebellion fades away The Inner Party, Big Brother, and Newspeak are all-important aspects of the fictional world in Nineteen Eighty-Four each one of these aspects play an important part in the development of the fascinating world which the author George Orwell has created. 
Death of a Salesman: In the play, Arthur Millers Death of a Salesman: Willy Loman, a sympathetic salesman and despicable father whos life is a casting off has some traits that match Aristotles views of a tragic hero. Willys series of ups and downs is identical to Aristoles views of proper tragic figure; a king with flaws. His faulty personality, the financial struggles, and his inabiltity are three substantital flaws that contribute to his failure and tragic end. Willy, an aging salesman who sells nothing, is abused by the buyers, and repeatly borrows money from Charley to make ends meet. He is angered by the way his boss, Howard fired him after working for thirty-four-years at the same company, You cant eat the orange and throw the peel away--a man is not a piece of fruit! (Miller, 61). Willy is battling for his life, fighting to sustain a sense of himself that makes it worthwhile living at all in a world which seemingly offers less and less space for the individual. Now, If it is true that tragedy is the consquence of a mans total complusion to evaluate himself justly, his destruction in the attempt posits a wrong or an evil in his environment. And this is precisely the morality of tragedy and its lesson. The discovery of the moral law, which is what the enlightenment of tragedy consists of, is not the discovery of some abstract or metaphysical quantity. (miller, common man) His problem is that he has so completely accepted the values of his society that he judges himself by standards rooted in social myths rather than human necessities. This lack of insight is strikingly similiar to traits of the tragic hero. As Aristotles writes, the tragic hero, Lives for honor and fame. The glaring point of his faulty personality of neglecting others includes those closest to him, his wife, Linda and his two sons, Biff and Happy. Youll retire me for life on seventy goddamn dollars a week? (Miller, 28) is evidence of the cruelty Willy can show toward Happy as he does to Biff. Willy puts enormous pressure on his older son, Biff, to help him out in his time of need, Hap, [Willy] got to understand that Im not the man somebody lends that kind of money to, (Miller, 81). In the past, Biff went unexpectly to Boston, to a hotel where Willy was staying and begs Willy to come back to New York and convince his math teacher to give him a passing grade in a math course so he can graduate on time. While there, Biff sees the WOMAN in his fathers hotel room. Willy, at first, claims she is in the room because her shower is broken; then he changes the story and says he knows her through work, Theyre painting her room so I let her take a shower here. Go back, go back... (Miller,93). It did not get much better at home either. He constantly puts down his wife and hates it when she interrupts him in his conversations with Biff and Happy, Willy reacts angrily,[to LINDA]: Stop interrupting! (Miller, 47). Willy does the best as he know how because his father was never there for him. Despite the good influence Willy has on his wife and two sons, he is a good father to his sons-- because he spends time with them. For the most part, he is a decent husband who never abused his wife but his wrongs outweight the postive things he did do for his family. He has a difficult time selling anything to earn money, A hundred and twenty dollars! My god, if business dont pick up I dont know what Im going to do!, (Miller, 23). He works very hard he has nothing to show for it. He decides that it was hard for him to travel to places of business and asks his boss, Howard, if he can work closer to home in New York. He gets fired for asking. His financial struggles continue with late bills, and no payment for his premium insurance; he is going deep into debt. He ignores the problems and thinks that everything is going to be all right. Because of the booming economy, he is left behind in the dust; everybody competes for positions in their respective professions, in the world of Americas business. For, if it is true to say that in essence the tragic hero is intent upon claiming his whole due as a personality, and if this struggle must be total and without reservation, then it automatically demonstrates the indestructible will of man to achieve his humanity. (miller, common man) He worries for his family so he decidesl himself by getting in his vehicle and crashing into an object so his family could get money from insurance. Ironically, this trait matchs Aristotles views of a tragic hero; His heroic qualities contribute to his downfall. Willy, at times, is a despicable character who complains about the bad luck that has befallen him. He is also, at times, a sympathetic character who has no control over certain things in his life that which cause him hardships. Some of Willys traits match Aristoles views of a tragic hero, a hero with specific qualities which contribute to his own downfall. Aristoles beliefs that a proper tragic figure is similiar with flaws of the main character in Arthur Millers book, Death of a Salesman. Arthur Millers Death of a Salesman: Does Willy Lomans despicable character and a sympathetic traits match Aristoles views of a tragic hero? By Martin Galloway Jr 11/13/00 Block 4 Mrs. Reese Outline: 1. Willy Loman has traits similiar to Aristotles view of a tragic figure. A) Sympathetic character. B) Faulty personality. C) Finanical struggles. D) Ingnoring the family. 2. Sympathetic character A) An aging salesman who sells nothing, is abused by the buyers, and repeatly borros from Charley to make ends meet. B) Fired by his boss, Howard. C) He judges himself by standards rooted in social myths rather than human necessities. 3. Faulty personality A) Neglecting others include one closest to him; his wife, Linda and his two sons, Biff and Happy. B) lying about affair. C) Willy constantly put down his wife. 3. Finanical struggles A) He has a difficult time selling anything to earn money. B) Late bills, no premium insurance, and going deep into debt. C) The disadvantage the booming economy has on Willy. D) Finds a way to kill himself to support his family. 4. Conclusion A) Willy, at times, is a despicable character B) Willy, at times, is a sympathetic character C) Some of Willys traits match Aristotles views of a tragic hero. Bibliography got A for good revisisons and bs like that. 
Esperanza feels lost, alone, and confused. She believes that the only ones who can understand her feelings are trees. The trees are skinny and pointy. The city had planted them in concrete, which naturally is not the best nor the healthiest place for trees to grow. Esperanza sees the trees as a reflection of herself [skinny and angular]. In spite of their location, the trees seem to survive in a way. This idea of persevering parallels back to Esperanza. She struggles to be successful even though she is in a harsh environment. Her description of the setting leads me to think that she is poor. Therefore, she has limitations due to class. Is this why she feels that she can only confide in trees? For Esperanza, the trees seem to be like a support network for her. She would talk to them when she felt lonely. It was almost as if the trees were her family members. The trees were not only a support network and a reflection of Esperanza. They inspired Esperanza. When Esperanza was ready to give up, she looked at the trees, and they told her to keep, keep, keep, keep. The trees taught Esperanza perseverance, which would definitely help her achieve success. Bibliography Four Skinny Trees 
Heaven and Hell and sunset and rainbows and the aurora all fused into on divine harmony . . . It is by the goodness of God that in out country we have those three unspeakable precious things: freedom of speech, freedom of conscience, and the prudence never to practice either of them. Samuel Clemens' profound response to beauty was immediately and untrammeled-the beauty of nature, for which no special training is necessary for appreciation. The quote above supports the idea that Samuel Clemens was a literary artist, possibly America's greatest. Yet, he was definitely not just a writer. He wrote many novels that became American classics. Many of Clemens' greatest works were based on his own personal experiences as a young man on the Mississippi River, and through theses writing he established a place for himself in the classics of American literature. To this day, Samuel Langhorne Clemens is, without a doubt, America's most picturesque literary figure. Perhaps a part of his appeal to the mass imagination lies in the fact that he himself became the embodiment of literature throughout his and the rest of time. The mastery of his literary oeuvres has surpassed the conventional cascade of literature since the 1800's. Samuel Clemens will be, forevermore, the epitome of the literary world. Throughout his life, Samuel Clemens maintained an engaging and infectiously boyish enthusiasm that led his wife to nickname him Youth. Unlike most men, Samuel Clemens never did renounce his boyhood; he carried with him into maturity miraculously preserved and vibrant memories of his early and middle adolescence, and it was through these memories that he filtered his adult experience. At the age of fifty-five, he wrote to an unknown correspondent: And yet I can't go away from the boyhood period and write novels because capital is not sufficient by itself and I lack the other essential: interest in handling the men and experiences of later times, (Bellamy, Mark Twain as a Literary Artist, 16). On this circumstance, he founded an enviable fame and fortune and an enduring artistic achievement. (Bellamy, 17) Although the splendid moment of his fame is still prolonged and extends immeasurably far into the future, that fame was only a small part of his power. There was something about him that moves people who knew nothing of his renown, who did not even know who he was. Samuel Clemens' personality was of a sort that compelled those about him so strongly that wherever he went, he seemed a being from another planet, a visitant from some remote star. Biography Born in Florida, Missouri, on November 30, 1835, Little Sam was a wild-headed, impetuous child of sudden ecstasies, who was constantly running away in the direction of the river and, as he later wrote, was drowned nine times in Bear Creek and was suspected of being a cat in disguise; a vividly imaginative child, who loved the companionship of the good-natured slave and visited the Negro quarters beyond the orchard as a place of ineffable enchantment; a child whose sympathy included all inanimate things; a child who pitied the dead leaf and the murmuring dried weed of November(Bellamy, 4-7). In many, if not all, of his novels, short stories, and other works, Samuel Langhorne Clemens' personal life experiences reflect heavily on his writing plots. Stories such as The Notorious Jumping From of Calaveras County, Roughing It, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, Life on the Mississippi, AConnecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, and Adventures of Huckleberry Finnhave all been closely related to some of the adventurous, dangerous, and childish experiences in Clemens' own life. As a young man, he developed a troublesome cussedness that distinguished his as a child from his elder and younger brother, Orion and Henry. His mischievousness led to a series of escapades: several times nearly drowning, purposefully contracting measles, smoking, rolling rocks down a hill before church-bound carriages, and running away from home. Clemens and his family moved to Hannibal, Missouri, a port on the Mississippi River, when Samuel was four years old. There, he received a pubic school education. After the death of his father in 1847, Clemens was apprenticed to two Hannibal printers, and in 1851 he began setting type for and contributing sketches to his brother Orion's Hannibal Journal. He contributed reports, poems, and humorous sketches to the Journal for several years. (Baldanza, Mark Twain, Intro. & Interpretation, 2) In 1857, at 22 years old, Clemens made plans to travel to South America, and in April of that year, he started down the Mississippi River toward New Orleans. In a change of plans, instead of traveling to South America, he persuaded a riverboat pilot named Horace Bixby to teach him the skills of piloting. With a burning determination for adventure, by April of that year, Samuel had become a licensed riverboat pilot. But, the beginning of the Civil War abruptly closed commercial traffic of the Mississippi River. After serving for two weeks with a Confederate volunteer company, Clemens decided not to become involved in the war. With this decision, he travels west to Carson City, Nevada, with his brother Orion. Later, Roughing It humorously described his unsuccessful attempts at prospecting for gold and silver during this time and his eventual conclusions that he must support himself by newspaper journalism (Bellamy, 19-21). He joined the staff of the Virginia City, Nev., Territorial Enterprise in the summer of 1862 and in 1863, he began signing his articles with the pseudonym Mark Twain, a Mississippi River phrase meaning two fathoms deep. (Encarta 97, Mark Twain) After gaining national recognition for the creation of The CelebratedJumping Frog of Calaveras County, Twain was lecturing in New York City as well as traveling to Europe and the Holy Land. In his return, in 1870, his married to the love of his life, Olivia Langdon. In contribution of his happiness Twain characterizes love and marriage in a simple statement: Love seems the swiftest, but it is the slowest of all growths. In August of 1870, Jervis Langdon dies of cancer, only three months prior to the birth of his new brother, Langdon. Soon after Langdon was born, the Clemens family moves to Hartford, Connecticut. Through the next ten years, many births and deaths occur within the Clemens family. In June of 1874, Clara Clemens, a second daughter, is born to Samuel and Olivia. And, in July of 1880, Jean Clemens is born - Twain's fourth and last child. After the publishing of A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, Twain's mother, Jane, dies at the age of ninety. Shortly after, The Clemens family closes their house in Hartford and moves to Europe hoping to economize, in which they live for the next nine years. But, alone in England in August of 1896, Twain learns that his daughter Susy had died of meningitis in Hartford. After he is able to pay off his debts in full, he returns to the States at the turn of the century. Just four years later, his wife, Olivia died of heart disease. And in the winter of 1910, Twain's health begins to fall rapidly and dies of angina pectoris on April 21. Analysis A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court Twain prefaced A Connecticut Yankee with A Word of Explanation designed to account for the tale that he has yet to unfold. He tells us that, while touring Warwick Castle, he met a curious stranger who later gave to him a manuscript yellow with age. The reader learns that the stranger's name is Hank Morgan, and the forty-four chapters that follow are presented as if they came directly from the manuscript he left with Twain. The superintendent of a great arms factory in nineteenth-century Connecticut, Hank is hit over the head with a crowbar during a quarrel with one of the men under him. When he comes to, he finds himself transported back to sixth-century England, on the outskirts of Camelot. At first he thinks that he has stumbled into a lunatic asylum, but it gradually dawns on him that he may indeed have been magically transported into the past. He quickly determines upon a course of action, telling the reader, if it was still the nineteenth century and I was among lunatics and couldn't get away, I would presently boss that asylum or know the reason why; and if on the other hand it was really the sixth-century... I would boss the whole country inside of three months; for I judged I would have the start of the best-educated man in the kingdom by a matter of thirteen hundred years and upwards. Captured by one of the knights of the Round Table, Morgan is condemned as a man-devouring ogre and sentenced to be burned at the stake. But thanks to an encyclopedic knowledge (uncharacteristic of factory foremen), Hank recalls that an eclipse of the sun is close at hand. He proclaims himself a magician and announces that he will blot out the sun forevermore if he is harmed. Just as he is being chained to the stake, the eclipse conveniently begins, and the court is duly terrified. The king entreats Morgan to restore the sun, and Hank agrees on condition that the king appoint him perpetual minister and executive entitled to one percent of such actual increases of revenue over and above its present amount that he expects to create for the state. The king agrees to these terms; the eclipse comes to a timely end, and Morgan becomes The Boss- second in power only to King Arthur. Determined to civilized Camelot by introducing modern industrial technology, Morgan establishes various factories in the countryside, allowing no one near them except by special permit. He fears the power of the Church and believes that he may be overthrown if he brings about change too quickly: The people could not have stood it; and moreover I should have had the Established Roman Catholic Church on my back in a minute. For the next four years, he prepares the nuclei of future vast factories, the iron and steel missionaries of my future civilization, but he does so in secret, consolidating his position as a great magician. Because he finds it politically expedient to seem as if he shares the values of the people around him, Morgan eventually is forced to leave the court on a knightly quest. He travels into the country with the Demoiselle Alisande la Carteloise- whom he promptly nicknames Sandy- in order to liberate forty-five princesses held captive in a castle by three ogres. Safely back in Camelot, Hank decides that the time has now come to impose upon Britain the technology he had been nurturing over the years. He determines to destroy knight-errantry or be its victim- which hardly seems generous of him, since he now owes his life to the fidelity of te same knights he has vowed to destroy. He enters a tournament and shoots his knightly foe dead with a revolver. He thereupon dares the chivalry of England to come against him- not by individual, but in mass! Hundreds of knights promptly accept this challenge, but they break ranks and flee after Hank quickly shoots nine more men dead. Since this is many centuries before firearms were known in Europe, it looks as if Hank has triumphed through black magic. Believing that he has broke the back of knight-errantry, Hank exposes his hidden schools and factories to public view, establish railroads and telephones, sets steamboats running on the Thames, and converts the Round Table into a stock board. For three full years, medieval England seems to flourish, thanks to the benefits of modern technology. By this time in the novel, Hank and Sandy have married and produced a daughter. When the child falls ill, doctors urge that she be taken to the French coast to recover. And while Hanks is abroad, his new civilization crumbles. A civil war erupts, and the Church imposes a banishment order. Upon his return to England, Hank finds that all of England is marching against him- all but fifty-two boys, who were the product of his special schools, and his chief lieutenant Clarence. Hank leads this small band to a fortified cave. Protected by an electrified fence and armed with torpedoes and machine guns, Hank prepares to fight. When the enemy approaches, he throws a switch and electrifies some eleven thousand men. His machine guns vomit death into the ranks of those who make it past the fence, and within minutes, armed resistance was totally annihilated, the campaign was ended... Twenty-five thousand men lay dead around us. After the battle is over, Hank leaves his fortress in order to aid his wounded. As he bends over a crippled knight, he is stabbed by the man he sought to help. His comrades bring him back to the cave, where they soon realize that they are trapped. They can defend themselves only from their cave, and it is surrounded by the putrefying flesh of twenty-five thousand corpses. Gradually, they all fall ill. Then Merlin makes his way into the cave, where he casts a spell over Hank Morgan so that he will sleep for thirteen centuries, enabling Hank to meek Mark Twain in late nineteenth- century England. Critiques Robert Keith Miller Our reading of this tale is to a large extent dependent upon how we feel about Hank Morgan. Is he a good and trustworthy narrator... who usually carries the burden of authorial attitudes, or is he the imaginary forerunner of a modern fascist dictator, leading his people to genocide from the confines of a sixth-century fuehrer-bunker? One of the best descriptions of Hank Morgan is that which he himself provides: I am an American. I was born and reared in Hartford, in the State of Connecticut-anyway, just over the river, in the country. So I am a Yankee of the Yankees- and practical; yes, and nearly barren of sentiment, I suppose- or poetry, in other words, My father was a blacksmith, my uncle was a horse doctor, and I was both, along at first. Then I went over to the great arms factory and earned my real trade; learned to make everthing; guns, revolvers, cannons, boilers, engines, all sorts of labor-saving machinery. Why I could make anything a body wanted- anything in the world... Set within an idyllic countryside, Hank sees no value in anything about him. The land about him is undeveloped; it would appeal to him only if filled with the signs of industry and commerce. Here is a man who can gaze upon the fruited plain and envision an asphalt parking lot. (Robert Keith Miller, Mark Twain, 115) Hank's inability to appreciate beauty is revealed even more clearly when, after establishing himself as the second most powerful man in Britain, he finds himself installed in the choicest suite of apartments in the castle, after the king's. Like a tourist who goes dismayed that Camelot is so little like East Hartford. He compares a tapestry to a bed quilt and complains that the walls are decorated only with silken hangings, whereas back home you couldn't go into a room but you would find an insurance chromo, or at least a three-color God-Bless-Our Home over the door; and in the parlor we had nine. When he first approaches Camelot, Morgan observes that the men look like animals, and he later decides that they are white Indians. He scorns the occasional condescends to see the people as a childlike and innocent lot, he cannot take them seriously. Because their culture is completely unlike his own, because it is so un-American, it therefore follows that the country is not civilized. Hank tells us: I saw that I was just another Robinson Crusoe cast away on an uninhabited island, with no society but some more or less tame animals, and if I wanted to make life bearable I must do as he did- invent, contrive, create, reorganize things; set brain and hand to work, and keep them busy. (Miller, 120) In short, Hank is incapable of understanding vales that are alien to his own; a supreme egotist, he set out to remake the world in his own image. As a nineteenth-century entrepreneur, Morgan is the representative within the novel of a seemingly more advanced society. But it soon becomes clear that Hank values nothing so much as making money, and his schemes for doing so reveals a distinctly unattractive side of his character. Hank's language consistently reveals his true values. His is the diction of the marketplace. He tells us, for example, that It is no use to throw away a good thing merely because the market isn't ripe yet. After he has destroyed Merlin's Tower, he declares that the account was square, the books balanced. When another of his schemes fails to work out, he tells us that he sold it short. He mocks the knights because they all took a flier at the Holy Grail now and then, observing: There were worlds of reputation in it, but no money, Why, they actually wanted me to put in! Well, I should smile.(Miller, 122) After all, Hank is much too practical to waste time on anything that is not financially remunerative. It should not come then in any surprise that Hank wishes he could remake man without a conscience because conscience cannot be said to pay. Ironically, when Hank is enslaved, he criticizes his master for having a heart solely for business. Hank is completely unaware that the slave master is only a cruder version of himself; both see men in terms of their commercial value, and neither is apt to allow sentiment to interfere with business. That Twain himself saw a parallel between slave masters and financiers is establishes by an illustration in the first edition of A Connecticut Yankee, an illustration that Twain singled out for praise: The slave master was given the features of Jay Gould, the great robber baron. And it is worth nothing, at this point, that Hank is tied by his name to a capitalist of dubious reputation, the great American banker, J.P. Morgan. (Miller, 122) In short, Hank Morgan never learns. He arrives in Camelot with all the prejudices of a nineteenth-century provincial. He encounters a civilization that is radically different from his own- a civilization that is, without question, far from perfect. But his understanding f that civilization never grows in either depth or complexity. He is, in Twain's own words, a perfect ignoramus, and his opinions cannot be accepted at face value. It would be a mistake, however, to read A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court as a satire at Hank's sole expense. Twain satirizes modern industrial society through Hank, whose faith in advertising and cost effectiveness is naive to say at least. But Twain is no simple romantic. Throughout the nineteenth century, many writers glorified the Middle Ages, finding withing the distant past a soothing contrast to the dark Satanic mills they saw before them. From Sir Walter Scott- who , as we know, Twain absolutely loathed- on a Carlyle, Ruskin, and the Pre-Raphaelites, the Gothic Revival in architecture, and a resurgence in Arthurian scholarship that continues to this day, post-industrial man has been fascinated by the Age of Chivalry and Faith. But A Connecticut Yankee is not a part of this tradition (Miller, 133). Hank's condemnation of Camelot is excessive, and through it we discover many of his limitations. On the other hand, it must also be acknowledged that Twain was not trying to idealize the past. Therefore, A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court should not be read as an attack upon the Middle Ages per se, any more than as a satire of modern American values. It is, as Twain himself reminded us, a contrast. The contrast between the medieval and the modern is comic in so far as it is grotesque- neither the past nor the present is any more ideal than human nature itself. If humor seems eventually to disappear toward the end of the novel, it is because the apocalyptic conclusion denies us the possibility of hope. Presented with a vision of history in which corruption seems to triumph, a vision in which the present is but a logical extension of the past, we are ultimately left scorched by Twain's anger at the perpetual stupidity of men. As Hank Morgan observes, almost certainly speaking for Twain: I reckon we are all fools. Born so, no doubt. (Miller, 135.) Bibliography 1. Baldanza, Frank. Mark Twain: Introduction and Interpretation. (c) 1961 Holt, Rinehart, and Winston, Inc. 2. Bellamy, Gladys. Mark Twain as a Literary Artist. (c) 1950 Univ. Of Oklahoma Press. 3. Bloom, Harold. Mark Twain: Modern Critical Views. (c) 1986 Chelsea House Publishing. 4. McNeer, May / Ward, Lynd. America's Mark Twain. (c) 1962 by May McNeer and Lynd Ward. 5. Miller, Robert Keith. Mark Twain. (c) 1983 Frederick Ungar Publishing Co. 6. Twain, Mark. A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court. (c) 1889 by Charles L. Webster. 7. Information Finder. Mark Twain. (c) 1994 World Book, Inc. 8. Microsoft Encarta 96 Encyclopedia. Mark Twain. (c) 1993-1996 Microsoft Corporation. 
Global change has become a popular word in scientific debates on long-range structural change in the earths ecology. Globalization has in the past played a major role in the controversial environmental debates. Many problems resulted in this area of discussion, in regard to the intricate linkages between globalization, government, trade and transport, and environmental decay. The current debate on the environmental effects of globalization is particularly concerned with the question whether a worldwide liberalization of trade may provoke environmental collapse. Three major environmental concerns related to trade are the domestic environmental effects caused by the use of imported products, the foreign environmental effects caused by the production of exported goods, and the environmental effects caused by transport movements needed for international trade. In a democratic society, the citizens presume the right to make laws that reflect their deepest values, yet this is no longer the case. With the emergence of the World Trade Organization (WTO), democracy has been abandoned. It no longer matters what the democratic societies want, but what the global corporations want. Created in 1994, the WTO is already among the most powerful, reserved, undemocratic bodies on earth. It has been granted with vast powers, which include the right to judge whether laws of nations are impairments to trade, by WTO standards. They rule laws concerning public health, food safety, small business, labor standards, culture, human rights, and other social and economic procedures (Krugman and Obstfeld 23). If any of these laws proved to be harming to trade, the WTO can demand their nullification, or enforce very harsh sanctions. Trade should be a tool to achieve shared human aspirations, to improve standards living and to enhance the quality of life. Trade rules should not provide a license to degrade the world or force it to trade away those things that value the most, like clean air, clean water, wild life, and wild places (30). Yet, currently international rules can prevent America and other nations from rejecting imported products that are harvested or produced in ways that dont meet tough environmental standards. For example, the WTO preached that the regulations under the U.S. Clean Air Act, which set high standards against polluting gasoline, did not accommodate with WTO rules. It judged that it was unfair for the foreign oil companies that produced contaminated oil. As a result, the U.S. government rewrote the regulations so that automobile can give off polluting exhaust. Another WTO ruling that produced harm to the environment is the Marine Mammal Protection Act, specifically the provision that protects dolphins from being slaughtered by tuna fisherman, was found disagreeable. Ultimately, these authorized rules will determine whether the United States can prevent Great Lake water from being sold to the highest bidder or whether nations can reject imported shrimp caught in nets that catch and drown endangered sea turtles (Veen-Groot and Nijkamp 334). Soon, we can expect challenges against American laws controlling pesticide use, protecting community water rights, and banning raw log exports, which saves both forests and processing jobs. Not only are these ruling made upon the United States, but also in other countries worldwide. In Japan, the WTO ruled against them for refusing imports of fruit products that carry dangerous invasive species. Thus, because of these harsh rulings made by the WTO on several environmental acts, many nations are now frightened to contradict the corporations. By not proposing anymore health laws against these corporations, the environment could get worse year by year. This also gave advantages to the corporations, since this help them escape from democratic laws that regulate their activities. The rise in worldwide trade and the increasing interaction between countries previously separated by trade barriers have stimulated a significant increase in transportation progresses at all geographical levels. This has caused a wide variety of threats to the environment. Thus, a demanding problem of globalization is formed by environmental decay caused by the rise in international transportation (339). The rise in international transportation could be partly blamed on the transport of globalized food. As more global corporations take over most of the aspects of farming, local resources and labors of small farmers are decreasingly vanishing. This caused the people to buy and eat food that are grown overseas instead of the local areas. Thus causing and encouraging the amount of international transportation. The transport division is a significant contributor to local air pollution, noise annoyance, intrusion to landscapes, congestion and high fatality rates. Transport also damages the global environment. It is contributing to two main global environmental problems, which are the greenhouse effect and the depletion of the ozone layer. Even though the effects of globalization contributed to many environmental defects, some may argue that free trade will avoid the efficiency losses associated with protection. It will reinforce economies of progression, and entrepreneurs are provided with an inspiration to seek new ways to export or compete with imports, a situation that offers more opportunities for learning and innovation. Their belief is that trade liberalization will likely have a positive effect on the environment by making the contribution of resources more efficient, promoting economic growth, and increasing general welfare (Mander and Cavanagh 1A). There are two main arguments that are debated among free trade supporters and the environmentalists. First, free traders believe that economic growth will generate more opportunities for environmental protection, where as environmentalists focus on the increasing environmental burden caused by economic growth. Second, in relieving the environmental effects of trade, environmentalists focus on trade policy, while free traders tend to focus on environmental policy. Case studies are necessary to identify the likely effects of trade liberalism for particular products and to investigate whether or not this development is favorable for the environment. From an analysis of trade liberalization of the coal and food sector: Trade liberalization may not only generate large global income gains, but may also likely reduce global environmental damage from coal consumption and farming. Thus, from a welfare economic viewpoint and seen from a world trade perspective, globalization should enhance economic efficiency. But there is considerably less consensus among ecological economics researchers on what this means in practice, or on the social costs or benefits of globalization for society at large. Changes in international trade patterns, markets, technologies and communication patterns affect both the economy and the environment. (Anderson and Blackhurst 98) Globalization has been spread worldwide ever since the age of Industrial Revolution. It has proved to create a country that is more independent and wealthy with the advantage of free trade, and vast rights from the WTO. However, if economical growth is all the people think about, what will happen to the environment around us? It will decay into depletion. Diseases and health problems, due to the regulations of certain acts, will become a critical issue in the future. The continuation of the environmentally hazardous laws made by the WTO will some day lead to the total destruction of nature. All our natural resources may be used up, if we do not regulate the frequent and increasingly large amount we have used so far. The regulation of corporate excesses must be enforced, and this will not be achieved through the WTO unless someone stands up and oppose the rulings made by them. The people that spread and support globalization will be the ones that will be in remorse. If the people who are affected by it the most do not fight for it, then no one will. At the end they will be the ones suffering. Bibliography Anderson, K. , and R. Blackhurst. The Greening of World Trade Issues. New York: Harvester Wheatsheaf, 1992. Markusen, J. R., and J. R. Melvin. The Theory of International Trade. New York: Harper & Row, 1998. Krugman, P. R., and Mitch Obstfeld. Economic Globalization and the Environment. New York: Harper Collins, 1994. Its not WTO or anti-WTO, but Capitalism or no Capitalism Challenge. 36.10 (1999): 2. Mander, Jerry, and John Cavanagh. WTO Feeds Corporate Greed. USA Today. 2 Dec. 1999: 1A. Sweeney, John J. Global Economy: Beyond the WTO. Nov. 1999. AFL-CIO. 20 Dec. 1999. . Van Putten, Mark. The Environment, Trade, and Democracy. International Wildlife. Nov/Dec 1999: 26-29. Veen-Groot, Danille B. van, and Peter Nijkamp. Globalization, Transport, and the Environment: New Perspective for Ecological Economics. Ecological Economics. Dec. 1999: 331-346. 
Kansas Magazine 2nd Issue 1997 The Legend Lives On The Dalton Gang Hideout is in Meade, Kansas. The Daltons consisted of Eva and her five brothers ; Bob, Grat, Frank, Bill, and Emmett. Eva moved to Meade in the 1880s ; there she met and married John N. Whipple, the owner of the first mercantile store in Meade. They were married on October 25, 1887 and the couple then moved into a new home that Whipple had built for her southeast of Meade. All the Dalton brothers were Deputy U.S. Marshals at the time and Frank was killed while making an arrest in Arkansas. The sequence of events that followed after that historians havent been able to find explanation for. Three weeks after the wedding, Whipple gave up his business and two months later he gave the deed to the house to Eva. Now the couple presumably lived off of Whipples horse trading and poker playing. Soon after this the Dalton brothers went rotten and their first train robbery was in Alila, California in February, 1891. The whole town felt sorry for Eva and wondered why the Dalton brothers had turned over a bad leaf. The Whipples house was often searched but the infamous brothers were never seen on the land. If the police questioned Whipple as to why he had so many horses in his barn, he would reply that he was doing some trading. In 1892 the Whipples mysteriously left town and were no where to be found when Bob and Grant Dalton, Dick Broadwell and Bill Powers were killed, in Coffeyville, while trying to rob two banks. The Whipple house was sold in November 1892 and the 95 foot tunnel, from the lower level of the house to the barn, was discovered by a stranger who wandered into it and startled the new owners of the house. It was used as a hiding and escape tunnel by the Dalton Gang, thats why it went to the barn where the horses were kept. After moving, the Whipples lived happily in Oklahoma and Arkansas where they had two children, a daughter, Maud, and a son, Glenn. Bill Dalton was shot and killed by lawmen in 1894 and the last, only surviving brother , Emmett Dalton was sentenced to life imprisonment after recovering from his wounds. In 1907 he was released; he moved to California and became a businessman. He also wrote two books, Beyond the Law and When the Daltons Rode. In 1940 the City of Meade purchased the site. Improvements were made to the house, a new barn was constructed ( because the old one was beyond repair), and the tunnel was reinforced and enlarged. The Dalton Gang Hideout opened to tourists on June 6, 1941. In the barn, where the tourists enter, theres a gift shop and a museum. On the site theres also a park with barbecue facilities and a stage for other entertainment too. 
Shortly after the announcement that British scientists had successfully cloned a sheep, Dolly, cloning humans has recently become a possibility that seems much more feasible in today's society. The word clone has been applied to cells as well as to organisms, so that a group of cells stemming from a single cell is also called a clone. Usually the members of a clone are identical in their inherited characteristics that is, in their genes except for any differences caused by mutation. Identical twins, for example, who originate by the division of a single fertilized egg, are members of a clone; whereas nonidentical twins, who derive from two separate fertilized eggs, are not clones. (Microsoft Encarta 97 Encyclopedia). There are two known ways that we can clone humans. The first way involves splitting an embryo into several halves and creating many new individuals from that embryo. The second method of cloning a human involves taking cells from an already existing human being and cloning them, in turn creating other individuals that are identical to that particular person. With these two methods at our desposal, we must ask ourselves two very important questions: Should we do this, and Can we? There is no doubt that many problems involving the technological and ethical sides of this issue will arise and will be virtually impossible to avoid, but the overall idea of cloning humans is one that we should accept as a possible reality for the future. Cloning humans is an idea that has always been thought of as something that could be found in science fiction novels, but never as a concept that society could actually experience. Today's technological speed has brought us to the piont to where almost anything is possible. Sarah B. Tegen, '97 MIT Biology Undergraduate President states, I think the cloning of an entire mammal has shown me exactly how fast biology is moving ahead, I had no idea we were so close to this kind of accomplishment. Based on the current science , though, most of these dreams and fears are premature, say some MIT biologists. Many biologist claim that true human cloning is something still far in the future. This raises ethical questions now as towhether or not human cloning should even be attempted. (http://www.usnews.com/usnews/issue/). There are many problems with cloning humans. One method of human cloning is splitting embryos. The main issue as to whether or not human cloning is possible through the splitting of embryos began in 1993 when experimentation was done at George Washington University Medical Center in Washington D.C. There Dr. Jerry Hall experimented with the possibility of human cloning and began this moral and ethical debate. There it was concluded that cloning is not something that can be done as of now, but it is quite a possibility for the future. These scientists experimented eagerly in aims of learning how to clone humans. Ruth Macklin of U.S. News & World Report writes, Hall and other scientists split single humans embryos into identical copies, a technology that opens a Pandora's box of ethical questions and has sparked a storm of controversy around the world (http://www.usnews.com/usnews/issue/). They attempted to create seventeen human embryos in a laboratory dish and when it had grown enough, separated them into forty-eight individual cells. Two of the separated cells survived for a few days in the lab developed into new human embryos smaller than the head of a pin and consisting of thirty-two cells each. (http://www.usnews.com/usnews/issue/) Although we cannot clone a human yet, this experiment occurred almost two years ago and triggered almost an ethical emergency. Evidence from these experiments received strange reactions from the public. Ruth Macklin states, Cloning is a radical challenge to the most fundamental laws of biology, so it's not unreasonable to be concerned that it might threaten human society and dignity. Yet much of the ethical opposition seems also to grow out of an unthinking disgust--a sort of yuk factor. And that makes it hard for even trained scientists and ethicists to see the matter clearly. While human cloning might not offer great benefits to humanity, no one has yet made a persuasive case that it would do any real harm, either. (http://www.usnews.com/usnews/issue/). Theologians contend that to clone a human would violate human dignity. That would surely be true if a cloned individual were treated as a lesser being, with fewer rights or lower stature. But why suppose that cloned persons wouldn't share the same rights and dignity as the rest of us? If and when cloning comes about, will people be willing to pay anything for a clone of themselves? It is such a costly form of technology. As we see with so many other aspects of today's socity, people will do all kinds of things for money. (Will human cloning make a type of black market for embryos could easily someday develop?) Parents already spend a great deal of money on in vitro fertilization, and who knows how much they would be willing to pay for cloning their children? The question as to what cloning would do to society from both the moral and economic standpoints comes to the conclusion that for the most part cloning is too expensive and too dangerous. In the religous circles the question of human cloning has stirred debate. Rev. Robert A. Martin states: It appears that from the beginning God reserved for Himself the right to create living souls. I understand that the philosophy of modern psychiatry is to teach that human beings are soulless, therefore we are just flesh and blood which can only respond to the environment with no ability to make conscious decisions for itself. In other words people are no differnet than animals to be used and manipulaated. Thus, there is, from the beginnging, a fundamental difference between what the Bible teaches and what psychiatry teaches. This being the case, it is little wonder then, that some people assume the prerogative of playing the role of god. (http://www.user.shentel.net/ramartin/applied/cloning.htm) Embryonic cloning could be a valuable tool for the studying of human development, genetically modifying embryos, and investigating new transplant technologies. Using cloning to produce offspring for the sake of their organs is an issue that we must also face and question whether or not it is morally right. No one will say that it is okay to kill a human being for the sake of their organs. But will many have no objection to cloning thousands of individuals for the sake of organ transplants? Technology seems to take away many of the morals that we have worked so hard to install in society. Most people only seem to want to cater to their own needs and do not bother to consider the consequences that society and the clone may have to face. With the issue of parents' involvement in cloning, Ruth Macklin, writes, Perhaps a grieving couple whose child is dying. This might seem psychologically twisted. But a cloned child born to such dubious parents stands no greater or lesser chance of being loved, or rejected, or warped than a child normally conceived. Infertile couples are also likely to seek out cloning. That such couples have other options (in vitro fertilization or adoption) is not an argument for denying them the right to clone. Or consider an example raised by Judge Richard Posner: a couple in which the husband has some tragic genetic defect. Currently, if this couple wants a genetically related child, they have four not altogether pleasant options. They can reproduce naturally and risk passing on the disease to the child. They can go to a sperm bank and take a chance on unknown genes. They can try in vitro fertilization and dispose of any afflicted embryo--though that might be objectionable, too. Or they can get a male relative of the father to donate sperm, if such a relative exists. This is one case where even people unnerved by cloning might see it as not the worst option. (http://www.usnews.com/usnews/issue/). Should we be excited at the prospect of cloning? No more nasty surprises like sickle cell or Down syndrome-just batch after batch of high-grade and, genetically speaking, immortal offspring! Cloning from an already existing adult is a second method that we must consider when discussing the cloning of humans. This type of cloning would no doubt be a very controversial issue any way that it is looked at, but it is necessary to understand the two ways that it could be done if we were to clone humans. Unlike the process of cloning embryos, cloning from already existing humans allows one to know exactly what their clone will look like ahead of time. Before the clone is actually produced, the parents or the individual's clone will know exactly what to expect in their offspring as far as looks go. Personality and other factors cannot be certain, but it is stated that if the clone is observed carefully and compared with its other clones, many similarities will automatically arise. Cloning among adults is less obtainable than embryonic cloning, but it seems to cause just as much controversy. Embryonic cloning has not been successful yet, as far as we know. We do know, however, that cloning from an already existing human may effectively work in the near future. In a movie called, The Boys from Brazil, two clones of Hitler are supposedly produced from a cell obtained containing Hitler's genes. This cell was in turn joined with an egg, and an embryo was formed containing solely the genes of Hitler with only the necessary ones from the woman. This science fiction-like experiment was done for many reasons, but it was mostly intended to test the clones' behavior away from one another and to see if any certain kind of attitude can be passed on from one clone to another. The boys in this movie seem to demonstrate this concept through their slight displays of Hitlers personality traits even after being raised apart with totally different lifestyles. Although, this idea of cloning seems feasible, it is not very logical with today's level of technology. A cell from a nonreproductive part of one's body cannot be taken and used in place of a reproductive cell like sperm. This movie is not very accurate in its portrayal of the cloning process, but it does however, fully express the emotions felt by the clones and the others around them. The horizon for making a clone in the embryonic form is a very relative possibility within the next five to ten years. Who knows though, pretty soon we may be able to go out a choose the person that we want our child to look identical to and create a clone for them. Although in this movie there were only two clones created, the boys were supposed to have Hitlers genes and seemed to carry his violent instincts. This statement proves to be true in the movie but also lacks reality of everyday society in the way that not even a clone can be identical to its other clones because environment plays a very large role. Studies of how the cloned individuals would relate to one another are found with the experiment of twins separated at birth and raised in two very different environments. Because nature makes its own clones through the process of twins, it is easy to research about how a clone might feel and how they would react to having another clone around them. Environment plays a big part in determining how a clone may turn out. Traci Watson writes, Identical genes don't produce identical people, as anyone acquainted with identical twins can tell you. In fact, twins are more alike than clones would be, since they have at least shared the uterine environment, are usually raised in the same family, and so forth. Parents could clone a second child who eerily resembled their first in appearance, but all the evidence suggests the two would have very different personalities. Twins separated at birth do sometimes share quirks of personality, but such quirks in a cloned son or daughter would be haunting reminders of the child who was lost--and the failure to re-create that child. Even biologically, a clone would not be identical to the master copy. The clone's cells, for example, would have energy-processing machinery that came from the egg donor, not from the nucleus donor. But most of the physical differences between originals and copies wouldn't be detectable without a molecular-biology lab. The one possible exception is fertility. Wilmut and his coworkers are not sure that Dolly will be able to have lambs. They will try to find out once she's old enough to breed. (http://www.usnews.com/usnews/issue/970310/10clon.htm) Many parents have great concern in regards to having a child that has been cloned. However, there are many excited parents looking forward to this breakthrough in technology. By looking at the many different reasons for cloning a child, one can better understand why it may seem appealing to parents. Cloning from an already existing human will provide the opportunity for parents to pick their ideal child. They will be able to pick out every aspect of their child and make sure that it is perfect before they decide to have it. As Traci Watson writes; Sure, and there are other situations where adults might be tempted to clone themselves. For example, a couple in which the man is infertile might opt to clone one of them rather than introduce an outsider's sperm. Or a single woman might choose to clone herself rather than involve a man in any way. In both cases, however, you would have adults raising children who are also their twins--a situation ethically indistinguishable from the megalomaniac cloning himself. On adult cloning, ethicists are more united in their discomfort. In fact, the same commission that was divided on the issue of twins was unanimous in its conclusion that cloning an adult's twin is bizarre ... narcissistic and ethically impoverished. What's more, the commission argued that the phenomenon would jeopardize our very sense of who's who in the world, especially in the family. (http://www.usnews.com/usnews/issue/970310/10clon.htm) Whether or not cloning happens with embryos or adults, various groups in society may react very differently to it. For example, there are many religious groups that feel cloning should not be considered for any reasons whatsoever. JefferY L. Sheler states: Many of the ethical issues being raised about cloning are based in theology. Concern for preserving human dignity and individual freedom, for example, is deeply rooted in religious and biblical principles. But until last week there had been surprisingly little theological discourse on the implications of cloning per se. The response so far from the religious community, while overwhelmingly negative, has been far from monolithic. (http://www.usnews.com/usnews/issue/970310/10clon.htm). This somehow parallels to the issue of abortion and whether or not it is morally right. Religion is the root of many peoples' values and their beliefs about things like cloning and abortion lie behind these. Richard McCormick basically summarizes the statement that society is already pretty messed up and with the idea of cloning in perspective, we need to beware as the future approaches. No matter what we say or do, research for cloning will steadily continue and even more moral and ethical issues will arise. Who knows which of the two kinds of cloning will become the most popular in the future, but right now the main decision we need to make is whether or not it can be done and should be done. Who knows if human cloning done in research labs presently will go beyond the laboratory and affect individuals lives. What we do know however, is that cloning seems to be very appealing in some aspects and very frightening in others. Cloned or not, we all die. The clone that outlives its parent or that is generated from the DNA of a dead person, if that were possible--would be a different person. It would not be a reincarnation or a resurrected version of the deceased. Cloning could be said to provide immortality, theologians say, only in the sense that, as in normal reproduction, one might be said to live on in the genetic traits passed to one's progeny. (JefferY L. Sheler). Since the science of cloning research is just in its infancy, there has been a rush to decide what guidelines are going to be instituted for governing cloning experiments. President Clinton said in a written statement that federal funds should not be used for human cloning and current restrictions do not fully assure that result. Also, Clinton asked for a voluntary moratorium on human cloning experiments anywhere in the United States - at least until the legal and ethical issues can be sorted out. Since privately funded scientists are not covered by Clinton's directive, only a voluntary moratorium would ensure that ethical issues are fully debated before there are any efforts to clone humans. Citing the cloning of an adult sheep in Scotland, Clinton asked the National Bioethics Advisory Commission last week to review the ramifications that cloning would have on humans and report back to him in 90 days. (http://www.usnews.com/usnews/news/ap0304a.htm). Now that man has created Dolly this has certainly caused a lot of ethical problems that are hard to answer. Will this experiment be used to create a new race of human clones? I personally think that human cloning to any extent will be at least problematic. I think nature will put up a good fight against mans feable intrusion into the creation business. As I have mentioned before in the movie The Boys from Brazil, man can only screw-up any attempt at creation. Just ask Dr. Frankenstein. Who knows what kind of mutations cloning would breed. Biologically would a clone evolve faster, slower? Would it affectively wipe out gene diversity making humans susectable to disease? Could a common cold be the new plauge? These are questions I hope we will never have to answer. Bibliography Clone, Microsoft Encarta 97 Encyclopedia. 1993-1996 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Macklin, Ruth. Human cloning? Don't just say no U.S. News and World Report. 3 March 1997 (4-26-98) Martin, Robert. Creating a Soul by Cloning? Applied Christianity. 1998 (http://www.user.shentel.net/ramartin/applied/cloning.htm) (4-26-98) ROSS, SONYA President ruling out federal research on human cloning U.S. News and World Report. 3 March 1997 (4-27-98) 
The humor in both of the plays is something that makes the reader think deeper than what is actually there. The humor in Hamlet is his dramatic behavior and the whole idea of Old King Hamlet returning to Hamlet as a ghost. The humor plays tricks with the readers mind because it makes him/her think if what is being described is actually happening in the plays. The question of the ghost being a figment of Hamlets imagination and if Rosencrantz and Guildenstern were really dead were often reflected upon. Tom Stoppard played word games such as verbal volleyball not only to create questioning, but also to make fun of the characters and adding humor to the play. The whole issue behind Rosencrantz and Guildenstern was that they had an identity crisis and in a slap stick sort of way, it became one of the main themes throughout the play. Heads. he picks it up and puts it into his bag. This process is repeated. Heads. Again. Heads. Again. Heads. This is an example of the use of absurd comedy. It is a bunch of nonsense which the author makes humorous. A simple task such as flipping a coin, turns into an ongoing event through the course of the story. In Hamlet, the humor is not as direct as it is in Rosencrantz and Guildenstern. Hamlets dramatic behavior and his multiple personality is what creates the vague humor. The humor in this play is whether Hamlet is insane and seeing ghosts or if he is withholding the truth of what actually caused his fathers death. The humor also comes in during the production of his play, Mouse Trap. The whole play is a comedic version of his actual life. This not only plays the role in humor, but also in revealing the truth about Old King Hamlet. 
Hamlet is a play written by William Shakespeare that very closely follows the dramatic conventions of revenge in Elizabethan theater. All revenge tragedies originally stemmed from the Greeks, who wrote and performed the first plays. After the Greeks came Seneca who was very influential to all Elizabethan tragedy writers. Seneca who was Roman, basically set all of the ideas and the norms for all revenge play writers in the Renaissance era including William Shakespeare. The two most famous English revenge tragedies written in the Elizabethan era were Hamlet, written by Shakespeare and The Spanish Tragedy, written by Thomas Kyd. These two plays used mostly all of the Elizabethan conventions for revenge tragedies in their plays. Hamlet especially incorporated all revenge conventions in one way or another, which truly made Hamlet a typical revenge play. Shakespeares Hamlet is one of many heroes of the Elizabethan and Jacobean stage who finds himself grievously wronged by a powerful figure, with no recourse to the law, and with a crime against his family to avenge. Seneca was among the greatest authors of classical tragedies and there was not one educated Elizabethan who was unaware of him or his plays. There were certain stylistic and different strategically thought out devices that Elizabethan playwrights including Shakespeare learned and used from Senecas great tragedies. The five act structure, the appearance of some kind of ghost, the one line exchanges known as stichomythia, and Senecas use of long rhetorical speeches were all later used in tragedies by Elizabethan playwrights. Some of Senecas ideas were originally taken from the Greeks when the Romans conquered Greece, and with it they took home many Greek theatrical ideas. Some of Senecas stories that originated from the Greeks like Agamemnon and Thyestes which dealt with bloody family histories and revenge captivated the Elizabethans. Senecas stories werent really written for performance purposes, so if English playwrights liked his ideas, they had to figure out a way to make the story theatrically workable, relevant and exciting to the Elizabethan audience who were very demanding. Senecas influence formed part of a developing tradition of tragedies whose plots hinge on political power, forbidden sexuality, family honor and private revenge. There was no author who exercised a wider or deeper influence upon the Elizabethan mind or upon the Elizabethan form of tragedy than did Seneca. For the dramatists of Renaissance Italy, France and England, classical tragedy meant only the ten Latin plays of Seneca and not Euripides, Aeschylus and Sophocles. Hamlet is certainly not much like any play of Senecas one can name, but Seneca is undoubtedly one of the effective ingredients in the emotional charge of Hamlet. Hamlet without Seneca is inconceivable. During the time of Elizabethan theater, plays about tragedy and revenge were very common and a regular convention seemed to be formed on what aspects should be put into a typical revenge tragedy. In all revenge tragedies first and foremost, a crime is committed and for various reasons laws and justice cannot punish the crime so the individual who is the main character, goes through with the revenge in spite of everything. The main character then usually had a period of doubt , where he tries to decide whether or not to go through with the revenge, which usually involves tough and complex planning. Other features that were typical were the appearance of a ghost, to get the revenger to go through with the deed. The revenger also usually had a very close relationship with the audience through soliloquies and asides. The original crime that will eventually be avenged is nearly always sexual or violent or both. The crime has been committed against a family member of the revenger. The revenger places himself outside the normal moral order of things, and often becomes more isolated as the play progresses-an isolation which at its most extreme becomes madness. The revenge must be the cause of a catastrophe and the beginning of the revenge must start immediately after the crisis. After the ghost persuades the revenger to commit his deed, a hesitation first occurs and then a delay by the avenger before killing the murderer, and his actual or acted out madness. The revenge must be taken out by the revenger or his trusted accomplices. The revenger and his accomplices may also die at the moment of success or even during the course of revenge. It should not be assumed that revenge plays parallel the moral expectations of the Elizabethan audience. Church, State and the regular morals of people in that age did not accept revenge, instead they thought that revenge would simply not under any circumstances be tolerated no matter what the original deed was. It is repugnant on theological grounds, since Christian orthodoxy posits a world ordered by Divine Providence, in which revenge is a sin and a blasphemy, endangering the soul of the revenger. The revenger by taking law into his own hands was in turn completely going against the total political authority of the state. People should therefore never think that revenge was expected by Elizabethan society. Although they loved to see it in plays, it was considered sinful and it was utterly condemned. The Spanish Tragedy written by Thomas Kyd was an excellent example of a revenge tragedy. With this play, Elizabethan theater received its first great revenge tragedy, and because of the success of this play, the dramatic form had to be imitated. The play was performed from 1587 to 1589 and it gave people an everlasting remembrance of the story of a father who avenges the murder of his son. In this story, a man named Andrea is killed by Balthazar in the heat of battle. The death was considered by Elizabethan people as a fair one, therefore a problem occurred when Andreas ghost appeared to seek vengeance on its killer. Kyd seemed to have used this to parallel a ghost named Achilles in Senecas play Troades. Andreas ghost comes and tells his father, Hieronimo that he must seek revenge. Hieronimo does not know who killed his son but he goes to find out. During his investigation, he receives a letter saying that Lorenzo killed his son, but he doubts this so he runs to the king for justice. Hieronimo importantly secures his legal rights before taking justice into his own hands. The madness scene comes into effect when Hieronimos wife, Usable goes mad, and Hieronimo is so stunned that his mind becomes once again unsettled. Finally Hieronimo decides to go through with the revenge, so he seeks out to murder Balthazar and Lorenzo, which he successfully does. Hieronimo becomes a blood thirsty maniac and when the king calls for his arrest, he commits suicide. As well as the fact that Elizabethan theater had its rules about how a revenge tragedy had to be, so did Thomas Kyd. He came up with the Kydian Formula to distinguish revenge tragedies from other plays. His first point was that the fundamental motive was revenge, and the revenge is aided by an accomplice who both commit suicide after the revenge is achieved. The ghost of the slain watches the revenge on the person who killed him. The revenger goes through justifiable hesitation before committing to revenge as a solution. Madness occurs due to the grieve of a loss. Intrigue is used against and by the revenger. There is bloody action and many deaths that occur throughout the entire play. The accomplices on both sides are killed. The villain is full of villainous devices. The revenge is accomplished terribly and fittingly. The final point that Thomas Kyd made about his play was that minor characters are left to deal with the situation at the end of the play. The Spanish Tragedy follows these rules made by Kyd very closely, simply because Kyd developed these rules from the play. The fundamental motive was revenge because that was the central theme of the play. The ghost of Andrea sees his father kill the men who murdered Andrea originally. Hieronimo hesitates first because he goes to the king and then he is faced with Isabellas madness which is caused by Andreas death. The play is filled with all kinds of bloody action and many people die throughout the course of the play. The accomplices in the play also all end up dead. Lorenzo who is the true villain, is full of all kinds of evil villainous devices. The revenge works out perfectly, in that both Lorenzo and Balthazar get murdered in the end by Hieronimo. The minor characters were left to clean up the mess of all of the deaths that occurred during the play. The Spanish Tragedy also follows the conventions of Elizabethan theater very closely. The murder was committed and Hieronimo had to take justice into his own hands, because true justice just simply wasnt available. Hieronimo then delays his revenge for many different reasons that occur in the play. The ghost of Andrea appeared and guided Hieronimo to the direction of his killer. Also at the end of the play, both Hieronimo and his accomplices die after they were successful in committing the revenge. In Hamlet, Shakespeare follows regular convention for a large part of the play. In the beginning, Shakespeare sets up the scene, having a ghost on a dark night. Everyone is working and something strange is happening in Denmark. It is as if Shakespeare is saying that some kind of foul play has been committed. This sets up for the major theme in the play which is of course revenge. The ghost appears to talk to Hamlet. It is quite obvious that the play had a gruesome, violent death and the sexual aspect of the play was clearly introduced when Claudius married Hamlets mother Gertrude. The ghost tells Hamlet that he has been given the role of the person who will take revenge upon Claudius. Hamlet must now think of how to take revenge on Claudius, although he doesnt know what to do about it. He ponders his thoughts for a long period of time, expecting to do the deed immediately, but instead he drags it on until the end of the play. Although what was important to note was that all tragic heroes of plays at that time delayed their actual revenge until the end of the play. In most revenge plays, the revenger was often anonymous and well disguised, stalking the enemy about to be killed, but Hamlet started a battle of wits with Claudius by acting mad and calling it his antic disposition, although the whole thing was a ploy to get closer to Claudius to be able to avenge his fathers death more easily. The tactic was a disadvantage in that it drew all attention upon himself. More importantly though it was an advantage that his antic disposition, isolated him from the rest of the court because of the people not paying attention to what he thought or did because of his craziness. One important part of all revenge plays is that after the revenge is finally decided upon, the tragic hero delays the actual revenge until the end of the play. Hamlets delay of killing Claudius takes on three distinct stages. Firstly he had to prove that the ghost was actually telling the truth, and he did this by staging the play The Mousetrap at court. When Claudius stormed out in rage, Hamlet knew that he was guilty. The second stage was when Hamlet could have killed Claudius while he was confessing to god. If Hamlet had done it here then Claudius would have gone to heaven because he confessed while Hamlets father was in purgatory because he did not get the opportunity to confess. So Hamlet therefore decided not to murder Claudius at this point in the play. The third delay was the fact that he got side tracked. He accidentally killed Polonius which created a whole new problem with the fact that Laertes now wanted Hamlet dead. After he commit this murder he was also sent off and unable to see the king for another few weeks until he could finally do the job. What makes Hamlet stand out from many other revenge plays of the period is not that it rejects the conventions of its genre but that it both enacts and analyses them. It can be easily understood that Hamlet very closely follows the regular conventions for all Elizabethan tragedies. First Hamlet is faced with the fact that he has to avenge the murder of his father and since there is no fair justice available, he must take the law into his own hands. The ghost of his father appears to guide Hamlet to Claudius and inform Hamlet of the evil that Claudius has committed. Then Hamlet constantly delays his revenge and always finds a way to put it off until he finally does it in Act V, Scene 2. Hamlet at the same time continues to keep a close relationship with the audience with his seven main soliloquies including the famous, To be, or not to be...(Act 3 Scene 1). The play also consists of a mad scene where Ophelia has gone mad because her father Polonius had been killed and because Hamlet was sent off to England. The sexual aspect of the play was brought in when Claudius married Gertrude after he had dreadfully killed Old Hamlet and taken his throne. Hamlet also follows almost every aspect of Thomas Kyds formula for a revenge tragedy. The only point that can be argued is that the accomplices on both sides were not killed because at the end of the play, Horatio was the only one to survive, although if it wasnt for Hamlet, Horatio would have commit suicide when he said, I am more an antique Roman than a Dane. Heres some liquor left.(Act V Scene 2, 346-347). If Horatio had killed himself, then Hamlet would have followed the Kydian formula as well as the regular conventions for Elizabethan revenge tragedy. Hamlet is definitely a great example of a typical revenge tragedy of the Elizabethan theater era. It followed every convention required to classify it as a revenge play quite perfectly. Hamlet is definitely one of the greatest revenge stories ever written and it was all influenced first by Sophocles, Euripides and other Greeks, and then more importantly by Seneca. Hamlet as well as The Spanish Tragedy tackled and conquered all areas that were required for the consummation of a great revenge tragedy. Revenge although thought to be unlawful and against the Church was absolutely adored by all Elizabethan people. The Elizabethan audience always insisted on seeing eventual justice, and one who stained his hands with blood had to pay the penalty. That no revenger, no matter how just, ever wholly escapes the penalty for shedding blood, even in error. This was also a very important point that was also dealt with brilliantly by Shakespeare in finding a way to kill Hamlet justly even though he was required to kill Claudius. Hamlet was written with the mighty pen of Shakespeare who once again shows people that he can conjure up any play and make it one of the greatest of all time. Hamlet was one of the greatest of all time. 
Hamlet, one of Shakespeare's greatest plays, tells the story of a young prince who's father recently died. Hamlet's uncle, Claudius, marries Hamlet's mother, the queen, and takes the throne. As the play is told, Hamlet finds out his father was murdered by the recently crowned king. The theme that remains constant throughout the play is appearance versus reality. Things within the play appear to be true and honest but in reality are infested with evil. Many of the characters within the play hide behind a mask of falseness. Four of the main characters that hid behind this mask are Polonius, Rosencrantz (Guildenstern), the king Cluadius. From behind this mask they give the impression of a person who is sincere and genuine, in reality they are plagued with lies and evil. There appearance will make it very difficult for Hamlet to uncover the truth, the characters hide behind. Polonius the kings royal assistant has a preoccupation with appearance. He always wants to keep up the appearance of loving and caring person. Polonius appears like a man who loves and cares about his son, Laertes. Polonius speaks to his son with advice that sounds sincere but in reality it is rehearsed, hollow and without feeling. Polonius gives his advice only to appear to be the loving caring father. The reality is he only speaks to appear sincere as a politician, to look good rather then actually be good: And borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry. This above all: to thine own self be true, And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man. Farewell; my blessing season this in thee! Act 1 Polonius gives his son Laertes his blessing to go away, he sends a spy to follow him and keep an eye on him. This shows his lack of trust for anyone, he gives the appearance of a confident father who trusts his son to go off on his own. In reality he lies about his trust for his son by sending a spy to watch him. His advice he gives his son is rehearsed and only said to give the appearance of a loving father. Polonius further adds to the theme appearance verses reality by ordering Ophelia to stop seeing Hamlet. He lies to her telling her that Hamlet does not love her, he only lusts for her, in truth he does love her: Ay, springes to catch woodcocks. I do know, When the blood burns , how prodigal the soul Through the play Polonius hids behind his mask appearing to be honest loving parent. In reality Polonius lies, manipulates people and eavesdrops on peoples conversation. Polonius helps contribute to the theme appearance verses reality by showing how his appearance is not his true nature, behind the mask there lies someone totally different. Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are two of Hamlets childhood friends who when asked by the king, try to find out what is troubling the young prince. Both help to contribute to the theme by showing there appearance of being Hamlets friends. The pair go to Hamlet pretending to be his friends when in truth they are only there because the king asked them to find the truth. There is some irony within the twins, they are asked by the king to find out the truth by hiding within a lie, by pretending to be his friend: A dream is but a shadow Act II. Hamlet knows there purpose for their visit is to dig into his soul to find the real reason for his actions as of late. As the play continues the twins are asked again by the king to go to Hamlet and try again to find the real reason for Hamlets behavior. Hamlet insults them at every chance knowing they are lying to him about there purpose of the visit: Tis as easy as lying; govern these ventages with you finger and thumb, give it breath with your mouth...Act III As the melodrama continues Hamlet goes with the twins to reclaim money that another state owes Denmark. Hamlet is sent by the king to retrieve the assets. In actuality Hamlet is sent off to wither because the king, Claudius knows that Hamlet knows too much and must be killed. The twins show there appearance of being Hamlets friends but in truth they have a hidden reason for visiting with Hamlet. Both show that it will be very difficult for Hamlet to uncover the fidelity hidden within the lies. Claudius the king of Denmark conduct in council gives him the appearance of an Honest and honorable man. In Act one scene two Claudius in the presence of council shows his true skill and ease of manner at speaking. Claudius speaks well of the spent king by showing a general love for him by all his subjects. Claudius show respect for the old sovereign by speaking kind words of him. In reality he cares little for the old king, he speaks kindly only to give the appearance of loving brother. Though yet of Hamlet our dear brother's death The memory be green, and that it us befitted To bear our hearts in grief, and our whole kingdom To be contracted in one brow of woe Act I As Claudius sends Voltimand and Cornelius off to give the king of Norway the message of Fortibras, he thanks and gives them complete trust, in the deliverance of the notation. This shows his trust and caring for his subjects in front of the council, wining even more consent from the council: We doubt it nothing: heartily farewell. Act I Claudius increases his appearance of a honest and honorable man, in front of the council by showing his respect for Polonius. He gives him the power to let his son Laertes stay or leave for Norway. Claudius speaks highly of Polonius giving him thanks and saying the he was responsible for Claudius becoming king: The head is not more native to the heart, The hand more instrumental to the mouth, Than is the throne of Denmark to thy father. What woudlst thou have, Laertes(Act I ii, 47-50) This council would see this as a man who greatly respects his subjects and cares for them. This adds to the difficulty of uncovering the truth for Hamlet later. Hamlet enters the council chamber and speaks with Claudius. The king (Claudius) speaks with Hamlet seeming to be concerned with Hamlet. He gives advice that over grieveing is not healthy, this shows a concern for Hamlets well being. This conduct of Claudius gives him the appearance of being kind in front of council that accepts him even more for his family values: How is it that the clouds still hang on you? Act I Claudius appears to be even more caring when insulted by Hamlet he still shows love and general care for Hamlet. A normal king would have become angry and Hamlet would have gotten into trouble. Claudius shows the council that he is understanding of Hamlet's grief over his father: A little more than kin, and less than kind. Act I . Claudius gives Hamlet advice that over grieveing can be harmful and not healthy. Claudius tells Hamlet that he is a admirable person for grieveing for so long over his dads death. Yet again Claudius keeps putting on the appearance of the honorable man. Tis sweet and commendable in your nature, Hamlet, To give these mourning duties to your father: But, you must know, you father lost a father; That father lost, lost his; and the survivor bound In filial obligation for some term To do obsequious sorrow; but to persever In obstinate condolement is a course Act I Claudius further makes it difficult to uncover the truth by announcing that Hamlet is next in line for the throne of Denmark. This shows that Claudius would let Hamlet become the next king when he is gone. This reveals a love and care for Hamlet to the council and Gertrude making Claudius appear to be kind, loving person: You are the most immediate to our throne; And with no less nobility of love Act I Claudius final conduct that makes him a difficult truth to uncover, is his care and want that Hamlet remain in Denmark. Claudius is insulted by Hamlet, he asks Hamlet to stay only that his queen Gertrude wants Hamlet to stay. Claudius appears to be concerned with Hamlets well being, Gertrude and council see this ,making Claudius a more deserving person to be king. As Claudius speaks in council he gives the appearance of someone who is a deserving person that should be king. Claudius is voted in as king meaning he is already approved by everyone. Claudius gives respect to his subjects giving the council the impression that he respects them. The king shows general concern for Hamlet, his nephew. This will make it very difficult to prove the truth about Claudius in the future for he has not only, one the love and respect of council (that voted him in). But also has prevented a attack on Denmark (from Fortinbras) proving that he is good king that can protect the state from harm. Claudius makes it very difficult for Hamlet to uncover the truth about the true nature of Claudius in the future. Through the characters within the play all help to show the theme, that being appearance verses reality. Polonius, Rosencrantz (Guildenstern) and the king all appear to be good and honest. As Hamlet finds out, all contain lies and have hidden intentions within them. As each character is presented in the play all appear to be good and honest making it a difficult task for Hamlet to uncover the hidden truth about the nature of each character. As Hamlet best said it somethings is rotten in Denmark That being the lies which have replaced or covered the true state of each character. 
One of the most unique things about the play Hamlet (with Hamlet playing the main character) is the way relationships between the main and lesser characters have not changed from Shakespeares time period in which he wrote this play to the modern dilemmas of today. The character Hamlet relates through individualism of self to others in the play and Shakespeare uses this confusion of self and nature thus assuring many types of readers who can relate to his Hamlet characterization. Hamlet portrays himself with all his human flaws, but it is this humanity that makes him distinctive from everyone else in the story. In addition, all of Hamlets waking hours are preoccupied with his own thoughts thus adding more intensity to his feelings and perceptions about where he sees imperfections, worry and tension as well as confusion, but without a doubt it is these human qualities which makes his situation so impossible for him to resolve easily. Another tragic role of the play is its irony. The irony allows the storyline to show humor as well as the cause and effects of each action taken. There is usually little reason for a tragedy to be funny so Shakespeare has used this type of humor to add more irony to the already tragic events of the play. Pause for thought is in the types of conflict that play a major part in the play and the relationships between Hamlet and the two people who have been closest to him; being Ophelia and the ghost. Hamlet cannot share his strong feelings and emotions with his mother or his girlfriend and while his mother is literally sleeping with the enemy, Ophelia has chosen the side of Claudius because of her father Polonius. It is especially difficult for Hamlet to talk to Ophelia. The only other woman in his life, Gertrude, has betrayed his father by marrying Claudius. Hamlet may be obsessed with the idea that all women are evil, yet he really does love Ophelia because when he finds out Ophelia has died he cries out, I loved Ophelia; forty thousand brothers could not, with all their quantity of love, make up my sum.(Act V, Scene 1) The ghost provides Hamlet with a dilemma. In Shakespeare's plays supernatural characters are not always to be trusted (think of the three witches in Mac Beth who are instrumental in his downfall). Hamlet does not know whether the ghost is telling the truth or not. If Hamlet had killed Claudius solely on the ghost's advice then he would certainly been tried and put to death himself and there would probably have been a war to choose a new king. Being the humanitarian that he is, and taking into account his responsibilities as a prince and future king, Hamlet most likely would want to avoid a civil war because even though Claudius is a murderer and probably not as noble a king as Hamlet's father was yet he is still the king, bringing order to Denmark. Hamlet does not wish to plunge his country into chaos because of his own personal turmoil and realizes this will happen when he kills Claudius. To add to his quandary Hamlet is unable to combine the spiritual world (in the form of his father's ghost) with the tangible everyday world that surrounds him. There is much irony throughout this play. One occurrence of irony I found particularly striking was the fact that Hamlet effectively maneuvers himself into the same position as Claudius. Claudius had attacked and killed a man who did not have the opportunity to defend himself, but when Hamlet kills Polonius is he not guilty of the same? It is intriguing that both Claudius and Hamlet have killed fathers. It is interesting to see how these two completely different characters deal with the same problem in different ways. Other interesting parallels I found are the numerous deaths by poison. Claudius murdered Hamlets father with poison. In the final act the queen is the first to be poisoned by drinking from Hamlet's cup and then the poisoned tip of Laertes sword wounds Hamlet. When they change swords Hamlet gets the upper hand and Laertes is poisoned. After the queen dies Laertes explains everything to Hamlet before he dies and Hamlet then kills Claudius before dying himself. It is ironic that as Claudius is poisoned because of his own plotting, he had already signed his own death warrant when he killed Hamlet's father, which is the first tragic action of the play. There are only three people in this play who don't die by poisoning; Rosencrantz and Guildenstern who meet their deaths in England after being outsmarted by Hamlet and the third is Ophelia who drowned. There are three types of conflict I can identify in the play: man versus man, man versus nature and man versus himself. Hamlet's fight with Laertes in Ophelia's grave and the subsequent duel would both easily classify as man versus man conflict. Man also struggles with nature in this play, most notably in the form of Ophelia's drowning and Hamlet's crossing the sea to England - although the latter conflict plays more of a background role. The man versus himself conflict is most directly exposed in Hamlet's famous soliloquy where he is wrestling with his conscience. The realization he comes to in this soliloquy is that we are afraid to kill ourselves because we do not know what is to be found after death. Another man versus himself conflict is Claudius' inability to pray. He cannot really justify his past deeds and for him this is actually another step into darkness. Hamlet may be a thinking man, however, this does not mean he actually likes to think. Although he might have liked to think in the time preceding the play, when the time comes for him to take action he cannot because of this urge to believe. His capacity for thinking becomes a handicap rather than an advantage and this is not even the most painful or tragic part of the Hamlet character because the biggest problem is that he is aware of this. Not only is he incapable of acting without thinking he knows that this is the case, making the burden even heavier. Hamlet does not want to face reality and it is a traumatic experience for him when he has to believe the words of the ghost, but when the ghost starts demanding him to act on this information is too much for him. Hamlet is, however, a man of decision, but he is also contemplative. He needs to think in order to justify his actions and his intellectual characteristics are the major difference between Claudius and himself. Hamlet is very aware of the relationship between action and reaction and realizes that he has to proceed very carefully. In the play Claudius is the decisive character and the man of action. He takes the first action, the action that sets the story in motion - the poisoning of Hamlet's father. He also instigates the final action, the poisoning of the blades and the cup an action that will backfire and cause his own death. In the play, there seems to be a constant shift of action, where only one party can act at any time. These two parties are of course Hamlet and Claudius. When Claudius has taken the action that secures him the throne he allows Hamlet to become the man of action, but Hamlet procrastinates. The only action Hamlet takes is staging the play, which seems more to serve the purpose of establishing Claudiuss guilt for the murder of Hamlets father. Hamlet then proceeds to kill the curious Polonius. Hamlet is given the chance to avenge this most unnatural murder when he sees Claudius praying. Hamlet, being a Christian prince, cannot carry out the act of killing Claudius while he is praying, as this would secure Claudiuss place in heaven. Hamlet wants to make sure Claudius will suffer in the afterlife just as Hamlets father did. Hamlet leaves just before Claudius gets up, declaring he cannot pray; My words fly up, my thoughts remain below: Words without thoughts never to heaven go (Claudius, Act III, Scene 3). Had Hamlet known Claudius was unable to pray then he could have had his revenge right then and there instead of waiting until the end, taking everyone else with him. Most of the other characters would probably have acted much quicker than Hamlet if they were in his position. Imagine Polonius in the situation Hamlet found himself in. He would not have procrastinated, as much and it would have most likely been off with the head of the murderer! Any other character in the play would not have stayed as quiet as Hamlet does (confiding only in his best friend, and even keeping the truth from his mother until the end of Act III) and these characters might not have come to killing Claudius. Hamlet does not seem to do anything, again, he thinks too much, but why? Hamlet is self-conscious, while the majority of characters that surround him are not and this could explain why he feels inhibited to act. Hamlet resembles a real person more than any other character in the play, which might be another reason why he still remains a subject of discussion and why the play remains so popular. Hamlet is one of the most interesting characters in English fiction because we can identify with him and understand, although not always agree with his actions. Hamlet is also set apart by his elusiveness. Many of the characters in the play can be categorized within minutes of their introduction. I'm not calling them caricatures, but there is definitely a caricature-like side to some of them. The pompous Polonius and the deceitful and thickheaded Guildenstern and Rozencrantz come to my mind, however, this does not hold true for some other characters such as Laertes and Ophelia. The character of Hamlet refuses categorization. Interestingly in regard to this is his love of theater. He is particularly interested in the idea that things may seem different from what they really are, just like the people surrounding him. His mother is no longer his father's wife, but his uncle's, his girlfriend is no longer there for him, and Guildenstern and Rosencrantz are no longer his friends. Also, he is aware that he will have to disguise himself and his real motives and goals in order to attain them and this is why he fakes his madness. It is not until he picks up Yorick's skull in the beginning of Act V that he finds out what is real and what is not. In the end when the truth is revealed and everyone's masks are removed, death is all that is to be found. Bibliography This is about Hamlet's ability to be preoccupied with his own thoughts adding more intensity to the play, HAMLET. It also shows the irony of Shakepeare's humor, showing tragedy in a somewhat humorous way. Tells Hamlet's views toward the other characters in the play, such as Ophelia, Claudius, Polonius, and many extras. This essay can give the reader a true feeling and understanding one of many Shakespeare's wonderous playwrights. Please, go ahead and read there is much more 